
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.011844                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 11843794128                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               538945857036                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 399572                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   505991                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                 293400                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67748592                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 40367.34                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 16129664964                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   20425500713                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data       247680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data       256128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data       122496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data       163328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data       250240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data       249344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data       406528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data       448896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data       122496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data       403328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data       163200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data       122496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data       122496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data       404736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data       163328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data       248704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              3967744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           72320                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      1357312                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           1357312                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data         1935                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data         2001                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data          957                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data         1276                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data         1955                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data         1948                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data         3176                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data         3507                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data          957                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data         3151                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data         1275                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data          957                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data          957                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data         3162                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           42                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data         1276                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data         1943                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 30998                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           10604                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                10604                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst       378257                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     20912218                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst       280991                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     21625503                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst       356642                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     10342632                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst       432294                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     13790176                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst       378257                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     21128365                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst       378257                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     21052713                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst       378257                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     34324136                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst       389065                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     37901368                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst       356642                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     10342632                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst       378257                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     34053952                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst       421487                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     13779368                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst       356642                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     10342632                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst       356642                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     10342632                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst       432294                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     34172833                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst       453909                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     13790176                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst       378257                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     20998676                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               335006161                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst       378257                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst       280991                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst       356642                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst       432294                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst       378257                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst       378257                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst       378257                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst       389065                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst       356642                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst       378257                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst       421487                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst       356642                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst       356642                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst       432294                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst       453909                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst       378257                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            6106151                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         114601114                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              114601114                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         114601114                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst       378257                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     20912218                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst       280991                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     21625503                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst       356642                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     10342632                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst       432294                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     13790176                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst       378257                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     21128365                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst       378257                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     21052713                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst       378257                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     34324136                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst       389065                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     37901368                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst       356642                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     10342632                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst       378257                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     34053952                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst       421487                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     13779368                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst       356642                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     10342632                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst       356642                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     10342632                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst       432294                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     34172833                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst       453909                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     13790176                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst       378257                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     20998676                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              449607275                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles               28402385                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups        2074637                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1700694                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       205129                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       854178                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits         808197                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS         212585                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9164                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19826671                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts             11809209                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches           2074637                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches      1020782                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles             2595110                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles        586719                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles      2000714                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines         1223923                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes       204163                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples     24800224                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.582419                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.918369                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0       22205114     89.54%     89.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1         280036      1.13%     90.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2         323125      1.30%     91.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3         178344      0.72%     92.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4         207312      0.84%     93.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5         113355      0.46%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6          77464      0.31%     94.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7         201783      0.81%     95.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8        1213691      4.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total     24800224                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.073044                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.415782                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles       19661445                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles      2169379                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles         2574443                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles        19370                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles       375581                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved       336981                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred         2148                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts     14417421                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts        11356                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles       375581                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles       19692311                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles        466206                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles      1616403                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles         2563650                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        86067                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts     14407549                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents           27                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents        21693                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents        40349                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.FullRegisterEvents           75                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands     20011491                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups     67087433                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups     67087433                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps     17025519                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps        2985955                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts         3859                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2195                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts          233651                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads      1380407                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores       749871                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19767                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores       165753                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded         14379932                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3867                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued        13569915                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        19267                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1841582                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4266035                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          524                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24800224                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.547169                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.240553                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19084371     76.95%     76.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2298626      9.27%     86.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1234739      4.98%     91.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       854120      3.44%     94.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       748262      3.02%     97.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       383649      1.55%     99.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        91499      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        60500      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        44458      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24800224                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3325     11.12%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13237     44.27%     55.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13336     44.60%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11355611     83.68%     83.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       212335      1.56%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1658      0.01%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1256693      9.26%     94.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       743618      5.48%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total     13569915                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.477774                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29898                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002203                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     51989218                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16225517                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13339908                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses     13599813                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        34220                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       251666                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           93                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          140                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        19326                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          828                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          530                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles       375581                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles        422553                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13781                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14383818                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         8091                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1380407                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       749871                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2197                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9569                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          140                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       117435                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       116390                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts       233825                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13366621                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1179261                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       203293                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                  19                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs            1922650                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches        1868545                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores           743389                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.470616                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent             13340199                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count            13339908                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers         7930579                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers        20778752                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.469676                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.381668                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10000001                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps     12268684                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2115251                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3343                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts       206227                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24424643                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.502308                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.318194                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19412017     79.48%     79.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2324592      9.52%     88.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       975252      3.99%     92.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       584313      2.39%     95.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       405299      1.66%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       261144      1.07%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       136726      0.56%     98.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       109023      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       216277      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24424643                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts     10000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps     12268684                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs              1859286                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads             1128741                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars              1668                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches          1755765                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts        11060836                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls       249611                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events       216277                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads           38592236                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes          29143477                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                306952                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles               3602161                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts          10000001                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps            12268684                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total     10000001                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.840238                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.840238                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.352083                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.352083                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads       60294368                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes      18509544                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads      13452068                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes         3340                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles               28402385                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups        1935401                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1733024                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       155218                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1310108                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1278717                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS         112863                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4628                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20548497                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts             11004861                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches           1935401                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches      1391580                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles             2453477                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles        511225                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles       857885                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines         1243914                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes       151993                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples     24215026                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.507687                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.739885                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0       21761549     89.87%     89.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1         379275      1.57%     91.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2         184579      0.76%     92.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3         374243      1.55%     93.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4         115420      0.48%     94.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5         348646      1.44%     95.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6          53205      0.22%     95.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7          86529      0.36%     96.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8         911580      3.76%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total     24215026                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.068142                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.387463                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles       20355598                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles      1055848                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles         2448358                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles         2017                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles       353204                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved       178045                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred         1963                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts     12271204                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         4621                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles       353204                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles       20378142                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles        690650                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles       295007                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles         2425744                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        72273                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts     12251446                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents           27                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents         9524                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents        55491                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands     16014400                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups     55463253                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups     55463253                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps     12949057                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps        3065343                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts         1599                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts          813                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts          165010                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads      2247831                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores       349003                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3104                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores        79512                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded         12186981                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1604                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued        11398918                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7598                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2227201                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4581658                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           17                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24215026                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.470737                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.082324                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19215853     79.36%     79.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1551815      6.41%     85.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1701726      7.03%     92.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       974587      4.02%     96.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       495466      2.05%     98.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       124462      0.51%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       144894      0.60%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3432      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2791      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24215026                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         18669     57.19%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7730     23.68%     80.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6247     19.14%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8914878     78.21%     78.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        86823      0.76%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          788      0.01%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2050782     17.99%     96.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       345647      3.03%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total     11398918                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.401337                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32646                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002864                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     47053106                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14415824                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11107273                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses     11431564                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8809                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       461125                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           42                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9055                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles       353204                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles        608843                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles         8602                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12188595                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          479                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2247831                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       349003                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          811                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4164                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          255                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           42                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       104723                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        59569                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts       164292                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11256176                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2021918                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       142742                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                  10                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs            2367527                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches        1713938                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores           345609                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.396311                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent             11110141                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count            11107273                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers         6730474                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers        14514115                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.391068                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.463719                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8863494                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps      9945129                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2243995                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1587                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts       154065                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23861822                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.416780                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.285485                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20177788     84.56%     84.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1434919      6.01%     90.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       934586      3.92%     94.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       290737      1.22%     95.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       492237      2.06%     97.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        93431      0.39%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        59257      0.25%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        53754      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       325113      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23861822                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts      8863494                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps      9945129                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs              2126654                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads             1786706                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars               792                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches          1529116                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts         8680684                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls       121036                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events       325113                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads           35725807                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes          24731698                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                463343                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles               4187359                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts           8863494                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps             9945129                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total      8863494                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     3.204423                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               3.204423                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.312069                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.312069                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads       52378915                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes      14438607                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads      13090133                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes         1586                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles               28402385                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups        2458714                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted      2046749                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       225294                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       939830                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits         898804                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS         264450                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10455                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21392752                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts             13484361                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches           2458714                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches      1163254                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles             2810996                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles        628364                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles      1968505                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.MiscStallCycles         2210                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           78                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines         1330197                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes       215443                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples     26575559                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.623777                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.986374                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0       23764563     89.42%     89.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1         172266      0.65%     90.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2         216946      0.82%     90.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3         345904      1.30%     92.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4         145176      0.55%     92.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5         186523      0.70%     93.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6         216804      0.82%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7          99797      0.38%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8        1427580      5.37%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total     26575559                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.086567                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.474762                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles       21269090                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles      2106662                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles         2797679                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles         1387                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles       400739                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved       374401                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          279                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts     16486754                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1635                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles       400739                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles       21290915                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles         69138                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles      1977361                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles         2777206                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles        60193                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts     16386143                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents           15                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents         8688                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents        41765                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands     22881372                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups     76198321                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups     76198321                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps     19120572                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps        3760791                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts         3960                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2064                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts          211383                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads      1538257                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores       802030                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads         9038                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores       180101                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded         15999056                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3975                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued        15338110                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15955                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1963085                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4011025                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          150                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26575559                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577151                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.301439                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20077910     75.55%     75.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2962335     11.15%     86.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1211870      4.56%     91.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       679461      2.56%     93.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       919728      3.46%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       283732      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       279380      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       149344      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11799      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26575559                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        105944     78.97%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead        14502     10.81%     89.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13707     10.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12920785     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       209442      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1896      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1406690      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       799297      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total     15338110                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.540029                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt            134153                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008746                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     57401887                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     17966206                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14936648                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses     15472263                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        11357                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       295481                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           93                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12234                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles       400739                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles         52883                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6827                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16003037                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11893                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1538257                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       802030                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2064                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5973                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           93                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       132668                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       126815                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts       259483                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15069885                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1383038                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       268225                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs            2182206                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches        2130995                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores           799168                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.530585                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent             14936769                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count            14936648                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers         8947926                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers        24039927                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.525894                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.372211                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11124024                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps     13707357                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2295731                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3825                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts       227006                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26174820                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.523685                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.342250                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20372850     77.83%     77.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2940346     11.23%     89.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1068475      4.08%     93.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       530637      2.03%     95.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       486941      1.86%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       204335      0.78%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       202480      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        96217      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       272539      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26174820                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts     11124024                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps     13707357                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs              2032568                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads             1242772                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars              1908                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches          1986845                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts        12341065                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls       283044                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events       272539                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads           41905291                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes          32406942                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                327100                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles               1826826                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts          11124024                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps            13707357                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total     11124024                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.553247                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.553247                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.391658                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.391658                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads       67803640                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes      20869831                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads      15242896                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes         3822                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles               28401682                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups        2200644                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1800619                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       216282                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       903637                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits         863614                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS         227269                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9918                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21164205                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts             12304362                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches           2200644                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches      1090883                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles             2567201                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles        592722                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles      1133384                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines         1296419                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes       216336                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples     25238427                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598662                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.934666                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0       22671226     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1         119738      0.47%     90.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2         190064      0.75%     91.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3         256754      1.02%     92.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4         264307      1.05%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5         224554      0.89%     94.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6         124918      0.49%     94.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7         185264      0.73%     95.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8        1201602      4.76%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total     25238427                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.077483                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.433227                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles       20948148                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles      1351570                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles         2562413                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles         2922                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles       373372                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved       361961                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          265                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts     15095429                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1544                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles       373372                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles       21006053                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles        177515                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles      1041681                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles         2508142                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles       131662                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts     15088800                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents           27                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents        19196                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents        56602                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands     21054730                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups     70190424                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups     70190424                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps     18218649                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps        2835988                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts         3749                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1956                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts          395131                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads      1413506                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores       764270                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads         9056                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores       174950                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded         15068945                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3762                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued        14300369                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2322                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1685172                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4041188                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          149                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     25238427                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566611                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.260040                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19193766     76.05%     76.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2480217      9.83%     85.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1259305      4.99%     90.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       953108      3.78%     94.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       747647      2.96%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       300902      1.19%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       190840      0.76%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        99056      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        13586      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     25238427                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2772     11.61%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8731     36.55%     48.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12382     51.84%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12026966     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       213381      1.49%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1791      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1296552      9.07%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       761679      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total     14300369                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.503504                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt             23885                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001670                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     53865372                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16757944                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14081270                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses     14324254                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        29371                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       229638                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           68                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11137                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles       373372                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles        145807                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13020                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15072737                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6077                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1413506                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       764270                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1957                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents        11022                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           68                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       124917                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       122347                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts       247264                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14099365                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1219173                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       201004                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                  30                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs            1980784                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches        2003386                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores           761611                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.496427                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent             14081395                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count            14081270                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers         8085261                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers        21787558                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.495790                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.371095                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10620977                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps     13069467                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2003203                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3613                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts       218774                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24865055                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525616                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373151                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19505521     78.45%     78.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2655193     10.68%     89.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1004668      4.04%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       479267      1.93%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       400325      1.61%     96.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       231464      0.93%     97.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       204707      0.82%     98.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        91005      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       292905      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24865055                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts     10620977                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps     13069467                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs              1936981                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads             1183855                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars              1802                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches          1884826                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts        11775374                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls       269195                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events       292905                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads           39644742                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes          30518813                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                322533                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles               3163255                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts          10620977                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps            13069467                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total     10620977                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.674112                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.674112                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.373956                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.373956                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads       63456892                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes      19615822                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads      13993551                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes         3610                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles               28402378                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups        2081381                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1707347                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       205632                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       857896                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits         812240                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS         212748                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9039                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19871012                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts             11835006                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches           2081381                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches      1024988                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles             2602331                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles        586696                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles      1927121                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines         1226251                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes       204387                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples     24777865                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.584134                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.920629                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0       22175534     89.50%     89.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1         280797      1.13%     90.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2         325873      1.32%     91.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3         178694      0.72%     92.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4         208537      0.84%     93.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5         113576      0.46%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6          77405      0.31%     94.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7         201091      0.81%     95.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8        1216358      4.91%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total     24777865                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.073282                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.416691                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles       19708355                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles      2093364                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles         2581131                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles        19766                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles       375243                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved       336969                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred         2158                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts     14445909                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts        11310                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles       375243                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles       19739516                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles        619224                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles      1386446                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles         2570509                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles        86921                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts     14435932                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents           34                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents        22669                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents        40191                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.FullRegisterEvents           47                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands     20054704                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups     67218943                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups     67218943                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps     17075755                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps        2978949                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts         3834                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2165                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts          235395                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads      1382578                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores       750575                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19795                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores       165560                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded         14408895                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3835                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued        13597057                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        19337                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1835079                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4269456                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          484                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24777865                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.548758                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.241581                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19046723     76.87%     76.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2307205      9.31%     86.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1238045      5.00%     91.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       856260      3.46%     94.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       749081      3.02%     97.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       383785      1.55%     99.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        92219      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        59957      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        44590      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24777865                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3342     11.31%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead        12907     43.67%     54.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13304     45.02%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11379545     83.69%     83.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       212476      1.56%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1663      0.01%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1259102      9.26%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       744271      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total     13597057                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.478730                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29553                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002173                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     52020869                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16247948                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13367606                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses     13626610                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        33810                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       250513                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           92                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          144                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        17879                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          830                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          402                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles       375243                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles        569859                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles        14610                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14412753                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         7375                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1382578                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       750575                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2162                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10176                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          144                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118474                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       116224                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts       234698                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13394046                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1181726                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       203011                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                  23                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs            1925746                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches        1872992                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores           744020                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.471582                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent             13367897                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count            13367606                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers         7948167                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers        20824915                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.470651                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.381666                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10029402                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps     12304855                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2108111                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3351                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts       206651                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24402622                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.504243                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.320228                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19374317     79.39%     79.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2332319      9.56%     88.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       978201      4.01%     92.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       586147      2.40%     95.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       406564      1.67%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       261930      1.07%     98.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       136996      0.56%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       109373      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       216775      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24402622                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts     10029402                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps     12304855                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs              1864761                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads             1132065                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars              1672                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches          1760963                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts        11093442                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls       250356                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events       216775                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads           38598748                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes          29201188                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                307521                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles               3624513                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts          10029402                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps            12304855                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total     10029402                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.831911                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.831911                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.353118                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.353118                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads       60420513                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes      18551372                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads      13480462                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes         3348                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles               28402385                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups        2076011                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1702777                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       205552                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       857990                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits         811125                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS         212565                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9055                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19824241                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts             11791669                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches           2076011                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches      1023690                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles             2595023                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles        584474                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles      1957180                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines         1223485                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes       204247                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples     24751766                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.582798                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.918327                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0       22156743     89.52%     89.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1         280304      1.13%     90.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2         324951      1.31%     91.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3         178753      0.72%     92.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4         208234      0.84%     93.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5         114456      0.46%     93.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6          76642      0.31%     94.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7         199723      0.81%     95.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8        1211960      4.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total     24751766                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.073093                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.415165                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles       19662186                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles      2122770                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles         2573860                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles        19777                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles       373167                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved       336299                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred         2157                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts     14397798                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts        11323                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles       373167                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles       19693390                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles        621570                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles      1414050                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles         2563293                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles        86290                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts     14386935                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents           28                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents        22367                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents        40015                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.FullRegisterEvents           45                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands     19984378                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups     66986247                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups     66986247                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps     17027316                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps        2957051                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts         3795                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2130                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts          234473                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads      1381383                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores       748791                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19658                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores       165785                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded         14360595                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3797                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued        13561903                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        20192                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1821103                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4206846                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          454                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24751766                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.547917                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.240841                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19035422     76.91%     76.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2300409      9.29%     86.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1236859      5.00%     91.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       853389      3.45%     94.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       746180      3.01%     97.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       383140      1.55%     99.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        91883      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        59981      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        44503      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24751766                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3349     11.31%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13023     44.00%     55.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13228     44.69%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11349405     83.69%     83.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       211344      1.56%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1658      0.01%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1257043      9.27%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       742453      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total     13561903                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.477492                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29600                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002183                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     51925364                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16185633                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13330356                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses     13591503                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        33877                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       252520                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           92                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          140                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        18179                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          829                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          358                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles       373167                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles        573784                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles        15004                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14364413                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         7346                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1381383                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       748791                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2128                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10509                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          140                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118102                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       116309                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts       234411                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13357338                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1179365                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       204565                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                  21                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs            1921563                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches        1868073                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores           742198                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.470289                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent             13330660                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count            13330356                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers         7925871                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers        20767125                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.469339                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.381655                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10001035                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps     12269985                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2094743                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3343                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts       206554                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24378599                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.503310                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.319241                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19364332     79.43%     79.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2326248      9.54%     88.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       975531      4.00%     92.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       583926      2.40%     95.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       405712      1.66%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       260719      1.07%     98.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       136742      0.56%     98.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       109110      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       216279      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24378599                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts     10001035                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps     12269985                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs              1859474                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads             1128862                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars              1668                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches          1755968                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts        11062014                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls       249646                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events       216279                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads           38526983                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes          29102648                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                306529                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles               3650619                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts          10001035                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps            12269985                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total     10001035                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.839945                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.839945                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.352120                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.352120                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads       60255202                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes      18499079                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads      13433141                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes         3340                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles               28402384                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups        1988389                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1626183                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       196192                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       820907                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits         781756                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS         203630                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8792                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19281963                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts             11287299                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches           1988389                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches       985386                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles             2363500                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles        571846                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles      1038855                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines         1187727                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes       197213                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples     23055455                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598207                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.941954                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0       20691955     89.75%     89.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1         128255      0.56%     90.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2         201847      0.88%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3         320910      1.39%     92.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4         133508      0.58%     93.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5         148930      0.65%     93.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6         158946      0.69%     94.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7         103943      0.45%     94.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8        1167161      5.06%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total     23055455                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.070008                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.397407                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles       19097859                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles      1225000                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles         2355599                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles         6134                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles       370862                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved       325741                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          276                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts     13778788                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1621                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles       370862                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles       19128485                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles        260456                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles       877170                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles         2331410                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        87059                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts     13766161                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents         2643                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents        23940                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents        32815                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents         5224                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands     19105256                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups     64032388                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups     64032388                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps     16266433                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps        2838823                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts         3568                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1991                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts          263283                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads      1311959                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores       705703                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads        21252                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores       160215                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded         13742750                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3579                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued        12990192                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16897                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1765079                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3963109                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          404                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23055455                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.563432                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.257170                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17575126     76.23%     76.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2201667      9.55%     85.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1202433      5.22%     90.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       820555      3.56%     94.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       765842      3.32%     97.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       219101      0.95%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       172203      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        58321      0.25%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        40207      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23055455                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3105     12.84%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9348     38.65%     51.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11736     48.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10881700     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       205609      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1574      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1200619      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       700690      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total     12990192                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.457363                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt             24189                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001862                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     49076925                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15511560                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12778724                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses     13014381                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        38900                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       238221                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           39                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          159                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        22884                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          837                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          461                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles       370862                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles        173421                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12151                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13746354                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6737                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1311959                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       705703                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1993                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9040                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          159                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       113494                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       112808                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts       226302                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12803734                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1129581                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       186458                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                  25                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs            1829902                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches        1801620                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores           700321                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.450798                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent             12778944                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count            12778724                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers         7472077                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers        19515985                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.449917                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.382870                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9555126                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps     11712216                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2034238                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3175                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts       200093                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22684593                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.516307                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.367598                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17928505     79.03%     79.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2303837     10.16%     89.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       896716      3.95%     93.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       484188      2.13%     95.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       360476      1.59%     96.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       201657      0.89%     97.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       125136      0.55%     98.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       111246      0.49%     98.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       272832      1.20%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22684593                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts      9555126                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps     11712216                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs              1756557                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads             1073738                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars              1584                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches          1681113                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts        10553750                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls       237981                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events       272832                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads           36158150                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes          27863804                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                314377                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles               5346929                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts           9555126                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps            11712216                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total      9555126                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.972476                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.972476                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.336420                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.336420                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads       57734671                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes      17712842                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads      12852336                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes         3172                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles               28402385                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups        1933816                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1744570                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       103663                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       728268                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits         688594                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS         106274                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4554                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20506609                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts             12159016                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches           1933816                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches       794868                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles             2402967                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles        327193                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles      2720057                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines         1178430                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes       103940                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples     25850624                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.551926                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.854677                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0       23447657     90.70%     90.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1          85363      0.33%     91.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2         174675      0.68%     91.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3          73726      0.29%     92.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4         398000      1.54%     93.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5         355665      1.38%     94.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6          68928      0.27%     95.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7         145023      0.56%     95.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8        1101587      4.26%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total     25850624                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.068086                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.428098                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles       20286759                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles      2941492                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles         2394036                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles         7590                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles       220742                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved       169940                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          249                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts     14258175                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1537                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles       220742                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles       20315166                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles       2716706                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles       128339                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles         2376276                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles        93388                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts     14249652                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents           28                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents        47531                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents        30944                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.FullRegisterEvents          956                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands     16741401                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups     67108060                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups     67108060                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps     14799008                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps        1942375                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts         1663                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts          847                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts          218966                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads      3357831                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores      1696364                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads        15228                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores        83106                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded         14219581                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1667                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued        13650168                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7943                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1129668                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2730264                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           20                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     25850624                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.528040                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.318505                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20945985     81.03%     81.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1498008      5.79%     86.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1214248      4.70%     91.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       522653      2.02%     93.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       653603      2.53%     96.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       618480      2.39%     98.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       352140      1.36%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        28003      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        17504      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     25850624                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         34326     11.29%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead       262007     86.19%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7658      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8567936     62.77%     62.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       119229      0.87%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          816      0.01%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3270292     23.96%     87.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1691895     12.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total     13650168                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.480599                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt            303991                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022270                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     53462889                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15351286                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13531971                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses     13954159                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        24537                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       135390                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           53                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          373                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11519                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1203                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles       220742                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles       2645972                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles        26935                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14221260                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          165                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3357831                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1696364                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          845                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents        16496                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            7                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          373                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        59423                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        61656                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts       121079                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13553975                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3259463                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        96188                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                  12                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs            4951173                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches        1775212                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores          1691710                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.477213                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent             13532404                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count            13531971                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers         7313350                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers        14452411                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.476438                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.506030                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10982984                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps     12906565                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1316031                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1647                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts       105689                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     25629882                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.503575                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.322351                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20929659     81.66%     81.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1731065      6.75%     88.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       806588      3.15%     91.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       791388      3.09%     94.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       219123      0.85%     95.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       905411      3.53%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        69042      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        50487      0.20%     99.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       127119      0.50%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     25629882                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts     10982984                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps     12906565                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs              4907271                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads             3222431                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars               822                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches          1704135                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts        11477257                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls       124990                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events       127119                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads           39725320                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes          28665983                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                441620                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles               2551761                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts          10982984                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps            12906565                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total     10982984                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.586035                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.586035                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.386692                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.386692                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads       66995933                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes      15722890                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads      16963797                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes         1644                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles               28402380                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups        2455042                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted      2043706                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       224952                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       938428                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits         897453                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS         264038                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10438                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21360464                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts             13464351                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches           2455042                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches      1161491                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles             2806808                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles        627415                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles      2009990                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.MiscStallCycles         4738                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           54                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines         1328194                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes       215125                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples     26582467                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.622687                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.984812                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0       23775659     89.44%     89.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1         172013      0.65%     90.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2         216628      0.81%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3         345387      1.30%     92.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4         144960      0.55%     92.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5         186230      0.70%     93.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6         216476      0.81%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7          99625      0.37%     94.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8        1425489      5.36%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total     26582467                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.086438                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.474057                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles       21239549                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles      2147879                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles         2793522                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles         1381                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles       400134                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved       373829                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          279                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts     16462270                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1635                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles       400134                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles       21261334                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles         68962                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles      2018861                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles         2773086                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles        60083                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts     16361858                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents           15                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents         8665                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents        41697                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands     22847525                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups     76085343                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups     76085343                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps     19092145                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps        3755380                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts         3955                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2062                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts          211048                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads      1535954                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores       800835                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads         9025                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores       179824                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded         15975197                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3971                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued        15315222                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15935                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1960200                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4005069                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          150                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26582467                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.576140                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.300525                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20094508     75.59%     75.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2957947     11.13%     86.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1210031      4.55%     91.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       678478      2.55%     93.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       918295      3.45%     97.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       283323      1.07%     98.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       278995      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       149106      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11784      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26582467                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        105789     78.97%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead        14483     10.81%     89.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13688     10.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12901523     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       209132      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1893      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1404569      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       798105      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total     15315222                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.539223                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt            133960                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008747                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     57362806                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     17939458                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14914356                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses     15449182                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        11342                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       295039                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           93                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12215                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles       400134                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles         52758                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6806                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15979174                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11869                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1535954                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       800835                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2062                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5954                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           93                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       132471                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       126621                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts       259092                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15047385                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1380955                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       267837                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs            2178931                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches        2127784                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores           797976                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.529793                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent             14914477                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count            14914356                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers         8934598                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers        24004216                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.525109                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.372210                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11107482                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps     13686932                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2292301                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3821                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts       226662                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26182333                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.522754                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.341237                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20389003     77.87%     77.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2935974     11.21%     89.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1066878      4.07%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       529833      2.02%     95.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       486233      1.86%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       204031      0.78%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       202183      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        96066      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       272132      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26182333                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts     11107482                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps     13686932                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs              2029535                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads             1240915                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars              1906                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches          1983858                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts        12322688                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls       282618                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events       272132                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads           41889356                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes          32358618                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                326595                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles               1819913                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts          11107482                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps            13686932                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total     11107482                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.557049                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.557049                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.391076                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.391076                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads       67702515                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes      20838744                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads      15220260                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes         3818                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles               28402385                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups        1990551                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1628241                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       196892                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       822596                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits         782833                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS         203961                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8757                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19314772                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts             11297992                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches           1990551                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches       986794                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles             2366073                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles        573079                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles      1020644                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines         1189980                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes       197960                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples     23073381                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598248                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.941915                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0       20707308     89.75%     89.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1         128703      0.56%     90.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2         202214      0.88%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3         321395      1.39%     92.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4         133492      0.58%     93.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5         148913      0.65%     93.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6         159690      0.69%     94.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7         103723      0.45%     94.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8        1167943      5.06%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total     23073381                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.070084                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.397783                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles       19129930                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles      1207239                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles         2358578                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles         6016                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles       371617                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved       325874                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          279                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts     13792486                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1627                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles       371617                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles       19160428                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles        258933                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles       859668                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles         2334695                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles        88027                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts     13781911                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents         4535                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents        23611                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents        32325                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.FullRegisterEvents         6850                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands     19130505                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups     64105737                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups     64105737                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps     16287937                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps        2842559                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts         3497                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1919                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts          258917                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads      1314278                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores       706478                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads        21118                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores       161087                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded         13759887                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3506                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued        13007413                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17087                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1764747                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3965184                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          328                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23073381                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.563741                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.257513                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17586824     76.22%     76.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2203210      9.55%     85.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1203724      5.22%     90.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       822238      3.56%     94.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       766837      3.32%     97.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       219667      0.95%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       172150      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        58390      0.25%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        40341      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23073381                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3087     12.69%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9442     38.81%     51.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11799     48.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10895831     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       205748      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1576      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1202526      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       701732      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total     13007413                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.457969                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt             24328                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001870                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     49129621                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15528292                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12795432                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses     13031741                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        38817                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       239113                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           36                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          156                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        22764                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          840                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles       371617                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles        173541                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12039                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13763418                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6186                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1314278                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       706478                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1919                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents         8953                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          156                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       113855                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       113025                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts       226880                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12820202                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1130672                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       187210                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                  25                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs            1832009                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches        1803432                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores           701337                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.451378                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent             12795648                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count            12795432                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers         7481458                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers        19540506                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.450506                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.382869                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9567760                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps     11727721                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2035748                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3178                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts       200802                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22701764                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.516600                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.368053                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17940234     79.03%     79.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2305644     10.16%     89.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       899033      3.96%     93.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       483530      2.13%     95.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       361311      1.59%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       201816      0.89%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       125518      0.55%     98.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       111435      0.49%     98.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       273243      1.20%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22701764                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts      9567760                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps     11727721                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs              1758873                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads             1075159                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars              1586                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches          1683347                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts        10567714                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls       238296                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events       273243                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads           36191925                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes          27898598                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                315167                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles               5329004                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts           9567760                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps            11727721                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total      9567760                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.968551                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.968551                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.336865                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.336865                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads       57809446                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes      17737763                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads      12865057                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes         3174                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles               28402385                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups        2198866                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1799061                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       215797                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       904300                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits         863514                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS         227174                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9934                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21151788                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts             12294388                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches           2198866                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches      1090688                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles             2565673                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles        590593                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles      1147771                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines         1295273                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes       215904                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples     25237227                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598174                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.933829                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0       22671554     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1         119947      0.48%     90.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2         190277      0.75%     91.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3         256765      1.02%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4         263962      1.05%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5         224042      0.89%     94.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6         125249      0.50%     94.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7         185550      0.74%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8        1199881      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total     25237227                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.077418                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.432865                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles       20935476                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles      1366228                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles         2560760                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles         3028                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles       371733                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved       361788                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          262                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts     15082184                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1531                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles       371733                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles       20993197                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles        180361                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles      1053693                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles         2506776                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles       131465                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts     15075575                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents           25                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents        19401                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents        56419                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands     21038158                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups     70129915                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups     70129915                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps     18215986                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps        2822170                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts         3719                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1927                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts          393676                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads      1411277                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores       764278                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads         9062                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores       174504                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded         15055546                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3731                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued        14291452                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2299                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1675217                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4017856                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          120                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     25237227                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566285                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259639                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19195548     76.06%     76.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2479271      9.82%     85.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1258941      4.99%     90.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       952729      3.78%     94.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       746545      2.96%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       301144      1.19%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       190667      0.76%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        98846      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        13536      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     25237227                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2663     11.09%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8749     36.43%     47.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12605     52.48%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12018552     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       213397      1.49%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1791      0.01%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1295969      9.07%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       761743      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total     14291452                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.503178                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt             24017                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001681                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     53846447                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16734556                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14074261                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses     14315469                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        29345                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       227618                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           65                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11266                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles       371733                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles        148176                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13039                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15059303                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6223                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1411277                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       764278                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1928                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents        11048                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           65                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       124977                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       121832                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts       246809                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14092228                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1219030                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       199224                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                  26                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs            1980706                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches        2002711                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores           761676                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.496164                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent             14074386                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count            14074261                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers         8080470                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers        21770173                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.495531                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.371172                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10619412                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps     13067490                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1991816                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3611                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts       218291                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24865494                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525527                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373125                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19507654     78.45%     78.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2653486     10.67%     89.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1004865      4.04%     93.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       478903      1.93%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       400830      1.61%     96.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       231382      0.93%     97.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       204264      0.82%     98.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        91129      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       292981      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24865494                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts     10619412                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps     13067490                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs              1936671                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads             1183659                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars              1802                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches          1884524                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts        11773577                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls       269141                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events       292981                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads           39631741                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes          30490363                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                322058                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles               3165158                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts          10619412                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps            13067490                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total     10619412                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.674572                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.674572                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.373892                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.373892                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads       63425843                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes      19605846                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads      13983648                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes         3606                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles               28402385                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups        2458156                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted      2046267                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       225245                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       939623                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits         898603                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS         264393                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10454                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21388272                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts             13481353                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches           2458156                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches      1162996                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles             2810378                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles        628232                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles      1978575                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.MiscStallCycles         4744                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           54                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines         1329919                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes       215397                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples     26582958                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.623465                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.985925                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0       23772580     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1         172236      0.65%     90.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2         216903      0.82%     90.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3         345828      1.30%     92.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4         145140      0.55%     92.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5         186482      0.70%     93.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6         216750      0.82%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7          99777      0.38%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8        1427262      5.37%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total     26582958                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.086548                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.474656                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles       21267159                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles      2116689                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles         2797065                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles         1387                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles       400656                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved       374324                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          279                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts     16483076                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1635                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles       400656                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles       21288981                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles         69107                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles      1987433                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles         2776596                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles        60178                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts     16382494                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents           16                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents         8686                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents        41753                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands     22876214                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups     76181270                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups     76181270                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps     19116225                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps        3759989                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts         3960                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2064                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts          211348                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads      1537913                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores       801877                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads         9038                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores       180059                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded         15995518                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3975                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued        15334694                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15953                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1962666                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4010235                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          150                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26582958                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.576862                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.301177                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20086753     75.56%     75.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2961670     11.14%     86.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1211611      4.56%     91.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       679325      2.56%     93.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       919499      3.46%     97.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       283673      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       279324      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       149302      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11801      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26582958                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        105915     78.97%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead        14502     10.81%     89.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13707     10.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12917886     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       209394      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1896      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1406375      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       799143      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total     15334694                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.539909                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt            134124                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008746                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     57402423                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     17962249                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14933319                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses     15468818                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        11357                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       295418                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           93                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12235                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles       400656                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles         52867                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6826                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15999499                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11883                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1537913                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       801877                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2064                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5972                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           93                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       132646                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       126782                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts       259428                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15066519                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1382723                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       268175                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs            2181737                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches        2130512                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores           799014                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.530467                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent             14933438                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count            14933319                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers         8945901                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers        24034352                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.525777                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.372213                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11121536                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps     13704289                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2295269                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3825                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts       226957                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26182302                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.523418                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.341960                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20381639     77.85%     77.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2939687     11.23%     89.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1068215      4.08%     93.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       530529      2.03%     95.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       486825      1.86%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       204294      0.78%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       202447      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        96195      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       272471      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26182302                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts     11121536                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps     13704289                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs              2032137                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads             1242495                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars              1908                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches          1986382                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts        12338334                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls       282988                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events       272471                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads           41909311                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes          32399790                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                327041                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles               1819427                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts          11121536                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps            13704289                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total     11121536                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.553819                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.553819                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.391570                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.391570                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads       67788493                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes      20865111                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads      15239535                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes         3822                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles               28402385                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups        2456899                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted      2045221                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       225116                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       939148                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits         898148                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS         264256                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10448                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21377216                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts             13474630                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches           2456899                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches      1162404                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles             2808974                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles        627882                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles      1992261                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.MiscStallCycles         2249                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           78                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines         1329226                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes       215276                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples     26581492                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.623187                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.985526                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0       23772518     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1         172147      0.65%     90.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2         216798      0.82%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3         345657      1.30%     92.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4         145071      0.55%     92.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5         186383      0.70%     93.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6         216649      0.82%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7          99716      0.38%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8        1426553      5.37%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total     26581492                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.086503                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.474419                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles       21253694                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles      2130306                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles         2795669                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles         1386                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles       400435                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved       374132                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          279                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts     16474845                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1635                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles       400435                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles       21275506                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles         69034                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles      2001149                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles         2775212                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles        60149                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts     16374316                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents           16                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents         8681                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents        41736                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands     22864833                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups     76143308                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups     76143308                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps     19106710                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps        3758065                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts         3959                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2064                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts          211247                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads      1537143                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores       801466                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads         9034                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores       179966                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded         15987439                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3975                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued        15326919                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15944                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1961685                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4008285                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          150                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26581492                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.576601                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.300938                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20088551     75.57%     75.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2960225     11.14%     86.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1210966      4.56%     91.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       678977      2.55%     93.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       919042      3.46%     97.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       283529      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       279188      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       149222      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11792      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26581492                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        105859     78.97%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead        14497     10.81%     89.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13700     10.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12911344     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       209290      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1895      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1405660      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       798730      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total     15326919                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.539635                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt            134056                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008746                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     57385327                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     17953189                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14925760                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses     15460975                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        11351                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       295282                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           93                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12231                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles       400435                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles         52812                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6817                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15991420                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11883                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1537143                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       801466                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2064                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5963                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           93                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       132574                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       126708                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts       259282                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15058892                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1382021                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       268024                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs            2180622                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches        2129406                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores           798601                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.530198                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent             14925879                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count            14925760                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers         8941411                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers        24022324                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.525511                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.372213                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11115996                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps     13697408                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2294032                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3825                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts       226828                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26181057                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.523180                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.341699                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20383280     77.86%     77.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2938242     11.22%     89.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1067669      4.08%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       530271      2.03%     95.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       486596      1.86%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       204181      0.78%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       202343      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        96132      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       272343      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26181057                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts     11115996                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps     13697408                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs              2031087                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads             1241859                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars              1908                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches          1985369                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts        12332145                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls       282842                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events       272343                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads           41900076                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes          32383380                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                326862                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles               1820893                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts          11115996                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps            13697408                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total     11115996                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.555091                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.555091                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.391375                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.391375                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads       67754272                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes      20854582                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads      15231921                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes         3822                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles               28402385                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups        1990812                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1628583                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       197002                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       821619                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits         783138                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS         204133                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8771                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19310401                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts             11297742                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches           1990812                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches       987271                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles             2366211                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles        573789                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles      1025268                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines         1189971                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes       198047                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples     23074378                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598243                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.941866                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0       20708167     89.75%     89.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1         128858      0.56%     90.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2         202075      0.88%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3         321061      1.39%     92.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4         133787      0.58%     93.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5         148991      0.65%     93.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6         159902      0.69%     94.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7         103924      0.45%     94.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8        1167613      5.06%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total     23074378                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.070093                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.397774                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles       19125984                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles      1211520                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles         2358464                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles         6189                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles       372220                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved       325722                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          279                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts     13792658                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1664                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles       372220                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles       19156382                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles        268271                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles       851378                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles         2334818                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles        91296                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts     13781773                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents         5307                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents        23927                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents        32241                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.FullRegisterEvents         9938                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands     19130236                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups     64105299                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups     64105299                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps     16282487                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps        2847749                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts         3590                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2011                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts          259775                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads      1314881                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores       706378                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads        21250                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores       160312                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded         13759796                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3602                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued        13006123                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17219                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1768497                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3973203                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          422                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23074378                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.563661                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.257584                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17589069     76.23%     76.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2203228      9.55%     85.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1202289      5.21%     90.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       821803      3.56%     94.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       766899      3.32%     97.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       220323      0.95%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       172003      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        58433      0.25%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        40331      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23074378                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3145     12.87%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9496     38.85%     51.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11800     48.28%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10894450     83.76%     83.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       205744      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1575      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1202810      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       701544      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total     13006123                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.457924                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt             24441                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001879                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     49128284                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15532044                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12793354                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses     13030564                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        38834                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       240103                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           42                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          156                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        22912                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          836                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles       372220                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles        192687                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12017                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13763417                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5759                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1314881                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       706378                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2013                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents         8946                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          156                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       114391                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       112995                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts       227386                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12818435                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1130718                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       187688                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                  19                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs            1831897                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches        1803205                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores           701179                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.451315                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent             12793564                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count            12793354                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers         7480723                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers        19542204                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.450432                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.382798                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9564555                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps     11723712                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2039833                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3180                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts       200903                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22702158                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.516414                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.367810                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17941926     79.03%     79.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2305479     10.16%     89.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       898233      3.96%     93.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       483833      2.13%     95.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       360642      1.59%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       202128      0.89%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       125446      0.55%     98.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       111384      0.49%     98.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       273087      1.20%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22702158                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts      9564555                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps     11723712                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs              1758244                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads             1074778                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars              1586                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches          1682746                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts        10564101                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls       238204                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events       273087                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads           36192551                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes          27899351                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                315076                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles               5328007                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts           9564555                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps            11723712                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total      9564555                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.969546                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.969546                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.336752                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.336752                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads       57800991                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes      17734885                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads      12864471                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes         3178                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles               28402385                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups        2198570                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1798854                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       216004                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       904586                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits         863843                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS         227188                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9854                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21148720                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts             12296450                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches           2198570                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches      1091031                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles             2566123                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles        591723                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles      1142569                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines         1295432                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes       216013                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples     25230328                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598466                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.934220                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0       22664205     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1         119813      0.47%     90.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2         190073      0.75%     91.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3         257244      1.02%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4         263695      1.05%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5         223869      0.89%     94.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6         126085      0.50%     94.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7         185586      0.74%     95.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8        1199758      4.76%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total     25230328                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.077408                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.432937                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles       20932463                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles      1360982                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles         2561232                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles         2997                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles       372652                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved       361719                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          265                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts     15085278                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1543                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles       372652                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles       20990263                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles        175162                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles      1053616                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles         2507162                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles       131471                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts     15078853                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents           17                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents        19185                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents        56543                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands     21042201                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups     70146320                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups     70146320                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps     18206066                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps        2836130                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts         3724                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1930                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts          393404                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads      1411967                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores       764235                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8922                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores       175337                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded         15058689                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3737                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued        14288965                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2271                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1685961                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4048094                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          125                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     25230328                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566341                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259734                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19190241     76.06%     76.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2478699      9.82%     85.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1257848      4.99%     90.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       952424      3.77%     94.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       746842      2.96%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       301666      1.20%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       190092      0.75%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        99080      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        13436      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     25230328                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2734     11.47%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8726     36.61%     48.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12376     51.92%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12016171     84.09%     84.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       213314      1.49%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1790      0.01%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1296045      9.07%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       761645      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total     14288965                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.503090                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt             23836                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001668                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     53834365                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16748453                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14071404                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses     14312801                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        29205                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       228971                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            6                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           68                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11638                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles       372652                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles        143537                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13036                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15062451                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6198                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1411967                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       764235                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1934                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents        11064                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           68                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       125135                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       121628                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts       246763                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14089368                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1218415                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       199597                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                  25                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs            1980000                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches        2001716                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores           761585                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.496063                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent             14071535                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count            14071404                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers         8077509                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers        21765862                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.495430                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.371109                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10613616                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps     13060286                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2002173                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3612                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts       218497                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24857676                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525403                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373015                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19502189     78.46%     78.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2652905     10.67%     89.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1004796      4.04%     93.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       478113      1.92%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       400172      1.61%     96.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       231072      0.93%     97.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       204609      0.82%     98.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        90812      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       293008      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24857676                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts     10613616                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps     13060286                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs              1935590                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads             1182996                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars              1802                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches          1883459                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts        11767101                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls       268987                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events       293008                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads           39627049                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes          30497594                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                322152                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles               3172057                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts          10613616                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps            13060286                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total     10613616                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.676033                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.676033                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.373687                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.373687                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads       63412351                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes      19601991                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads      13985178                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes         3608                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles               28402385                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups        2072928                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1699838                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       205266                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       855614                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits         809500                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS         212289                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9107                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19829569                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts             11794603                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches           2072928                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches      1021789                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles             2593984                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles        584979                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles      2034069                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines         1223839                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes       204359                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples     24833542                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.580929                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.915773                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0       22239558     89.55%     89.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1         280061      1.13%     90.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2         324222      1.31%     91.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3         178710      0.72%     92.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4         207730      0.84%     93.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5         112972      0.45%     94.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6          77823      0.31%     94.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7         200554      0.81%     95.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8        1211912      4.88%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total     24833542                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.072984                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.415268                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles       19665802                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles      2201251                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles         2573184                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles        19531                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles       373768                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved       336175                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred         2153                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts     14399810                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts        11389                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles       373768                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles       19696641                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles        496468                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles      1617436                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles         2562536                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles        86687                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts     14389877                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents           25                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents        22574                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents        40055                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.FullRegisterEvents           75                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands     19991766                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups     67007511                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups     67007511                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps     17027411                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps        2964355                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts         3775                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2112                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts          233045                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads      1377695                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores       748075                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19584                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores       165298                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded         14362330                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3779                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued        13559105                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18403                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1823836                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4229420                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          437                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24833542                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.546000                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.239118                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19118383     76.99%     76.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2301290      9.27%     86.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1234043      4.97%     91.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       853675      3.44%     94.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       747298      3.01%     97.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       382620      1.54%     99.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        91541      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        60370      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        44322      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24833542                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3273     11.12%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead        12903     43.83%     54.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13260     45.05%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11348094     83.69%     83.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       212035      1.56%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1658      0.01%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1255091      9.26%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       742227      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total     13559105                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.477393                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29436                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002171                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     51999591                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16190082                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13330114                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses     13588541                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        34097                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       248828                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           98                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          141                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        17457                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          828                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          513                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles       373768                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles        449803                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles        14165                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14366139                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         8255                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1377695                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       748075                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2110                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9554                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          141                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118328                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       115576                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts       233904                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13355969                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1177805                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       203136                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                  30                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs            1919809                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches        1867394                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores           742004                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.470241                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent             13330354                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count            13330114                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers         7925323                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers        20765335                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.469331                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.381661                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10001103                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps     12270070                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2096163                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3342                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts       206311                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24459774                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501643                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.317351                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19445885     79.50%     79.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2325748      9.51%     89.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       975363      3.99%     93.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       583749      2.39%     95.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       406098      1.66%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       260997      1.07%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       136646      0.56%     98.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       109208      0.45%     99.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       216080      0.88%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24459774                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts     10001103                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps     12270070                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs              1859485                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads             1128867                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars              1668                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches          1755986                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts        11062094                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls       249653                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events       216080                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads           38609862                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes          29106250                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                306859                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles               3568843                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts          10001103                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps            12270070                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total     10001103                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.839925                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.839925                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.352122                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.352122                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads       60249533                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes      18498748                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads      13435390                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes         3338                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                         1971                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2047.579033                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                         181231                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                         4019                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                        45.093556                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks          46.605743                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    21.100974                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   850.908145                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data        1128.964171                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.022757                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.010303                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.415482                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.551252                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.999794                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         3733                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                  3734                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks           2022                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total                2022                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data         3748                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                   3749                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data         3748                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                  3749                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1933                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total                1968                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1935                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                 1970                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1935                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total                1970                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     80440355                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1681544632                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1761984987                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      2437951                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      2437951                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     80440355                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1683982583                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total     1764422938                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     80440355                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1683982583                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total    1764422938                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         5666                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total              5702                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         2022                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total            2022                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total              17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         5683                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total               5719                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         5683                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total              5719                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.341158                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.345142                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.340489                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.344466                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.340489                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.344466                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2298295.857143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 869914.450078                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 895317.574695                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 1218975.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1218975.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2298295.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 870275.236693                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 895646.161421                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2298295.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 870275.236693                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 895646.161421                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks               1110                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                    1110                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1933                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1968                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1935                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total            1970                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1935                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total           1970                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     77366386                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1511804467                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1589170853                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      2262062                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2262062                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     77366386                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1514066529                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1591432915                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     77366386                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1514066529                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1591432915                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.341158                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345142                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.340489                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344466                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.340489                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344466                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2210468.171429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 782102.673047                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 807505.514736                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      1131031                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1131031                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2210468.171429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 782463.322481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 807833.967005                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2210468.171429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 782463.322481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 807833.967005                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                         2027                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2047.885914                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                         122154                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                         4075                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                        29.976442                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.621569                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    17.047063                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   895.764767                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data        1105.452515                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014464                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.008324                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.437385                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.539772                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.999944                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3569                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                  3570                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks            647                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total                 647                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::total                   6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3575                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                   3576                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3575                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                  3576                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2001                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total                2027                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2001                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                 2027                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2001                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total                2027                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     45088567                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1589666560                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1634755127                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     45088567                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1589666560                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total     1634755127                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     45088567                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1589666560                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total    1634755127                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         5570                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total              5597                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          647                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total             647                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         5576                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total               5603                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         5576                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total              5603                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.359246                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.362158                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.358859                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.361770                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.358859                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.361770                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1734175.653846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 794436.061969                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 806489.949186                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1734175.653846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 794436.061969                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 806489.949186                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1734175.653846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 794436.061969                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 806489.949186                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks                277                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                     277                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2027                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total            2027                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2001                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total           2027                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     42805263                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1413932150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1456737413                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     42805263                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1413932150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1456737413                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     42805263                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1413932150                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1456737413                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.359246                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.362158                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.358859                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.361770                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.358859                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.361770                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1646356.269231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 706612.768616                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 718666.705969                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1646356.269231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 706612.768616                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 718666.705969                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1646356.269231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 706612.768616                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 718666.705969                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                          990                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                     2047.444999                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                         182968                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                         3038                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                        60.226465                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.444999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    28.480577                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   452.938739                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data        1527.580685                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018772                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.013907                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.221161                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.745889                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total               0.999729                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3066                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                  3068                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks            970                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total                 970                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::total                  16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3082                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                   3084                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3082                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                  3084                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          957                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total                 990                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data          957                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                  990                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data          957                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total                 990                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     99869988                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    780794587                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     880664575                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     99869988                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    780794587                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total      880664575                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     99869988                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    780794587                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total     880664575                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         4023                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total              4058                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          970                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total             970                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total              16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         4039                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total               4074                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         4039                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total              4074                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.942857                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.237882                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.243963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.942857                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.236940                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.243004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.942857                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.236940                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.243004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 3026363.272727                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 815877.311390                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 889560.176768                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 3026363.272727                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 815877.311390                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 889560.176768                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 3026363.272727                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 815877.311390                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 889560.176768                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks                528                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                     528                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          957                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            990                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          957                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total             990                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          957                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total            990                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     96972588                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    696769987                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    793742575                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     96972588                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    696769987                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    793742575                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     96972588                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    696769987                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    793742575                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.942857                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.237882                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.243963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.942857                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.236940                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.243004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.942857                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.236940                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.243004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2938563.272727                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 728077.311390                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 801760.176768                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2938563.272727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 728077.311390                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 801760.176768                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2938563.272727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 728077.311390                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 801760.176768                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                         1316                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2047.514169                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         159504                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                         3364                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                        47.414982                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.274948                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    30.926719                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   598.211251                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data        1391.101250                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013318                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.015101                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.292095                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.679249                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.999763                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3016                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                  3018                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks            961                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total                 961                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::total                  18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3034                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                   3036                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3034                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                  3036                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1278                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total                1318                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1278                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                 1318                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1278                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total                1318                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     81948713                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1076999121                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1158947834                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     81948713                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1076999121                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total     1158947834                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     81948713                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1076999121                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total    1158947834                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         4294                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total              4336                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          961                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total             961                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         4312                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total               4354                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         4312                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total              4354                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.297625                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.303967                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.296382                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.302710                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.296382                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.302710                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2048717.825000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 842722.316901                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 879323.091047                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2048717.825000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 842722.316901                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 879323.091047                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2048717.825000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 842722.316901                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 879323.091047                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks                550                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                     550                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l203.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l203.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l203.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l203.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1317                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1277                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total            1317                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1277                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total           1317                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     78435981                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    964043271                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1042479252                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     78435981                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    964043271                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1042479252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     78435981                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    964043271                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1042479252                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.297392                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.303736                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.296150                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.302480                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.296150                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.302480                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1960899.525000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 754928.168363                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       791556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1960899.525000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 754928.168363                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       791556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1960899.525000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 754928.168363                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       791556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                         1991                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2047.580038                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         181243                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                         4039                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                        44.873236                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks          46.559521                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    21.634811                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   854.496834                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data        1124.888871                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.022734                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.010564                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.417235                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.549262                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.999795                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3749                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                  3750                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks           2018                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total                2018                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3764                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                   3765                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3764                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                  3765                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1953                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total                1988                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1955                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                 1990                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1955                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total                1990                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     77650087                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1671640078                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1749290165                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      1125798                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      1125798                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     77650087                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1672765876                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total     1750415963                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     77650087                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1672765876                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total    1750415963                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         5702                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total              5738                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         2018                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total            2018                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total              17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         5719                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total               5755                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         5719                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total              5755                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.342511                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.346462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.341843                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.345786                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.341843                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.345786                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2218573.914286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 855934.499744                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 879924.630282                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       562899                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total       562899                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2218573.914286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 855634.719182                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 879606.011558                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2218573.914286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 855634.719182                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 879606.011558                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks               1125                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                    1125                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1953                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1988                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1955                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total            1990                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1955                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total           1990                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     74577087                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1500143109                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1574720196                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       950198                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       950198                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     74577087                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1501093307                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1575670394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     74577087                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1501093307                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1575670394                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.342511                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346462                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.341843                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345786                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.341843                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345786                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2130773.914286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 768122.431644                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 792112.774648                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       475099                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       475099                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2130773.914286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 767822.663427                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 791794.167839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2130773.914286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 767822.663427                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 791794.167839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                         1984                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2047.540127                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                         181197                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                         4032                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                        44.939732                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks          46.754011                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    21.056421                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   854.227821                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data        1125.501874                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.022829                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.010281                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.417103                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.549561                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.999775                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3711                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                  3712                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks           2011                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total                2011                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3726                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                   3727                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3726                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                  3727                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1945                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total                1980                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_misses::total                 3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1948                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                 1983                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1948                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total                1983                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     78199493                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1689490078                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1767689571                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      3597715                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      3597715                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     78199493                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1693087793                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total     1771287286                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     78199493                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1693087793                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total    1771287286                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         5656                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total              5692                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         2011                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total            2011                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         5674                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total               5710                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         5674                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total              5710                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.343883                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.347857                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.166667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.166667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.343320                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.347285                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.343320                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.347285                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2234271.228571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 868632.430848                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 892772.510606                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 1199238.333333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1199238.333333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2234271.228571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 869141.577515                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 893236.150277                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2234271.228571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 869141.577515                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 893236.150277                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks               1114                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                    1114                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1945                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1980                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1948                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total            1983                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1948                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total           1983                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     75126493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1518719078                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1593845571                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      3334315                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3334315                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     75126493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1522053393                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1597179886                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     75126493                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1522053393                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1597179886                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.343883                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.347857                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.343320                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.347285                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.343320                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.347285                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2146471.228571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 780832.430848                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 804972.510606                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 1111438.333333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1111438.333333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2146471.228571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 781341.577515                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 805436.150277                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2146471.228571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 781341.577515                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 805436.150277                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                         3211                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2047.577330                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                         124020                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                         5256                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                        23.595890                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.129643                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    19.359721                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   906.101437                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data        1109.986529                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005923                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.009453                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.442432                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.541986                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.999794                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3838                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                  3839                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks            798                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total                 798                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::total                  10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3848                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                   3849                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3848                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                  3849                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3171                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total                3206                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::total                 5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3176                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                 3211                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3176                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total                3211                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     53342846                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2969351837                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3022694683                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      8364642                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      8364642                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     53342846                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2977716479                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total     3031059325                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     53342846                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2977716479                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total    3031059325                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         7009                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total              7045                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          798                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total             798                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         7024                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total               7060                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         7024                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total              7060                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.452418                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.455075                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.452164                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.454816                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.452164                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.454816                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1524081.314286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 936408.652476                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 942824.292888                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 1672928.400000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1672928.400000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1524081.314286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 937568.160894                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 943961.172532                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1524081.314286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 937568.160894                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 943961.172532                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks                493                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                     493                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3171                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3206                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3176                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total            3211                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3176                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total           3211                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     50267933                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2690855254                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2741123187                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      7925470                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7925470                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     50267933                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2698780724                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2749048657                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     50267933                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2698780724                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2749048657                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.452418                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.455075                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.452164                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.454816                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.452164                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.454816                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1436226.657143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 848582.546200                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 854997.874922                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      1585094                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1585094                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1436226.657143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 849742.041562                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 856134.742136                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1436226.657143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 849742.041562                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 856134.742136                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                         3543                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2047.928216                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                         154928                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                         5591                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                        27.710249                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks           4.213064                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    14.406555                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data  1201.065241                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data         828.243356                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002057                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.007034                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.586458                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.404416                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.999965                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         4511                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                  4512                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1416                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total                1416                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::total                   1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data         4512                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                   4513                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data         4512                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                  4513                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3499                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total                3535                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_misses::total                 8                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3507                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                 3543                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3507                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total                3543                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     52848400                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3307044063                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3359892463                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     12867662                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     12867662                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     52848400                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3319911725                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total     3372760125                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     52848400                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3319911725                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total    3372760125                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         8010                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total              8047                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1416                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total            1416                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         8019                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total               8056                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         8019                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total              8056                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.436829                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.439294                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.888889                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.888889                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.437336                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.439796                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.437336                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.439796                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1468011.111111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 945139.772221                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 950464.628854                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 1608457.750000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1608457.750000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1468011.111111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 946652.901340                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 951950.359865                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1468011.111111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 946652.901340                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 951950.359865                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks                617                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                     617                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3535                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            8                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total            3543                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3507                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total           3543                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     49686716                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2999794980                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3049481696                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     12164323                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12164323                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     49686716                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3011959303                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3061646019                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     49686716                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3011959303                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3061646019                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.436829                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.439294                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.888889                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.888889                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.437336                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.439796                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.437336                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.439796                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1380186.555556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 857329.231209                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 862653.945120                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 1520540.375000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1520540.375000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1380186.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 858842.116624                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 864139.435224                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1380186.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 858842.116624                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 864139.435224                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                          990                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2047.444074                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                         182960                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                         3038                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                        60.223831                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.444074                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    28.487117                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   452.486082                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data        1528.026801                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018772                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.013910                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.220940                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.746107                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.999729                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3060                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                  3062                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks            968                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total                 968                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::total                  16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3076                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                   3078                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3076                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                  3078                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          957                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total                 990                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data          957                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                  990                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data          957                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total                 990                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     94129581                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    800313282                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     894442863                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     94129581                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    800313282                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total      894442863                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     94129581                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    800313282                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total     894442863                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         4017                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total              4052                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          968                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total             968                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total              16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         4033                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total               4068                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         4033                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total              4068                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.942857                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.238237                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.244324                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.942857                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.237292                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.243363                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.942857                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.237292                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.243363                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2852411.545455                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 836273.021944                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 903477.639394                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2852411.545455                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 836273.021944                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 903477.639394                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2852411.545455                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 836273.021944                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 903477.639394                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks                528                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                     528                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          957                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            990                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          957                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total             990                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          957                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total            990                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     91231147                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    716274322                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    807505469                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     91231147                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    716274322                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    807505469                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     91231147                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    716274322                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    807505469                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.942857                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.238237                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.244324                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.942857                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.237292                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.243363                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.942857                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.237292                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.243363                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2764580.212121                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 748458.016719                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 815662.089899                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2764580.212121                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 748458.016719                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 815662.089899                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2764580.212121                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 748458.016719                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 815662.089899                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                         3186                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2047.605399                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                         124026                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                         5231                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                        23.709807                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.137943                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    19.613280                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   901.935789                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data        1113.918386                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005927                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.009577                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.440398                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.543905                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.999807                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         3840                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                  3841                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks            799                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total                 799                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::total                  10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data         3850                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                   3851                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data         3850                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                  3851                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3146                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total                3181                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::total                 5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3151                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                 3186                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3151                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total                3186                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     68879619                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2918246362                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    2987125981                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      9124143                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      9124143                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     68879619                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2927370505                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total     2996250124                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     68879619                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2927370505                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total    2996250124                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         6986                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total              7022                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          799                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total             799                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         7001                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total               7037                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         7001                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total              7037                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.450329                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.453005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.450079                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.452750                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.450079                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.452750                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1967989.114286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 927605.328036                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 939052.493241                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 1824828.600000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1824828.600000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1967989.114286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 929029.039987                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 940442.600126                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1967989.114286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 929029.039987                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 940442.600126                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks                492                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                     492                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3146                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3181                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3151                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total            3186                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3151                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total           3186                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     65793869                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2640975900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2706769769                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      8684393                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8684393                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     65793869                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2649660293                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2715454162                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     65793869                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2649660293                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2715454162                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.450329                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.453005                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.450079                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.452750                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.450079                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.452750                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1879824.828571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 839471.042594                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 850917.877711                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 1736878.600000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1736878.600000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1879824.828571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 840895.046969                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 852308.274325                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1879824.828571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 840895.046969                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 852308.274325                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                         1314                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                     2047.512653                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                         159504                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                         3362                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                        47.443189                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.271947                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    30.592460                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   597.878484                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data        1391.769761                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013316                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.014938                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.291933                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.679575                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total               0.999762                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3016                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                  3018                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks            961                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total                 961                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::total                  18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3034                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                   3036                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3034                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                  3036                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1276                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total                1315                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1276                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                 1315                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1276                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total                1315                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     73273393                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1080369553                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1153642946                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     73273393                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1080369553                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total     1153642946                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     73273393                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1080369553                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total    1153642946                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         4292                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total              4333                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          961                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total             961                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         4310                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total               4351                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         4310                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total              4351                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.297297                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.303485                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.296056                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.302229                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.296056                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.302229                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1878804.948718                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 846684.602665                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 877295.015970                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1878804.948718                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 846684.602665                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 877295.015970                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1878804.948718                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 846684.602665                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 877295.015970                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks                549                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                     549                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l210.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l210.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l210.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l210.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1275                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1314                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1275                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total            1314                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1275                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total           1314                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     69849193                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    967239753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1037088946                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     69849193                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    967239753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1037088946                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     69849193                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    967239753                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1037088946                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.297064                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.303254                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.295824                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.302000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.295824                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.302000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1791004.948718                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 758619.414118                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 789260.993912                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1791004.948718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 758619.414118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 789260.993912                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1791004.948718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 758619.414118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 789260.993912                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                          990                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                     2047.445410                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                         182968                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                         3038                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                        60.226465                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.445410                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    28.482306                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   452.978406                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data        1527.539287                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018772                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.013907                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.221181                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.745869                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total               0.999729                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3066                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                  3068                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks            970                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total                 970                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::total                  16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3082                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                   3084                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3082                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                  3084                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          957                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total                 990                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data          957                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                  990                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data          957                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total                 990                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     95808403                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    790775957                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     886584360                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     95808403                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    790775957                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total      886584360                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     95808403                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    790775957                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total     886584360                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         4023                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total              4058                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          970                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total             970                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total              16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         4039                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total               4074                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         4039                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total              4074                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.942857                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.237882                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.243963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.942857                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.236940                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.243004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.942857                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.236940                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.243004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2903284.939394                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 826307.165099                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 895539.757576                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2903284.939394                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 826307.165099                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 895539.757576                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2903284.939394                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 826307.165099                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 895539.757576                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks                528                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                     528                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          957                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            990                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          957                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total             990                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          957                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total            990                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     92910113                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    706723380                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    799633493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     92910113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    706723380                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    799633493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     92910113                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    706723380                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    799633493                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.942857                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.237882                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.243963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.942857                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.236940                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.243004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.942857                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.236940                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.243004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2815457.969697                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 738477.931034                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 807710.598990                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2815457.969697                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 738477.931034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 807710.598990                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2815457.969697                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 738477.931034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 807710.598990                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                          990                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2047.444644                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                         182966                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                         3038                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                        60.225806                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.444644                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    28.481983                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   452.586191                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data        1527.931827                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018772                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.013907                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.220989                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.746060                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.999729                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         3064                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                  3066                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks            970                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total                 970                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::total                  16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data         3080                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                   3082                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data         3080                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                  3082                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          957                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total                 990                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data          957                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                  990                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data          957                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total                 990                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    103540771                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    788891750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     892432521                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    103540771                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    788891750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total      892432521                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    103540771                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    788891750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total     892432521                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         4021                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total              4056                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          970                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total             970                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total              16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         4037                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total               4072                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         4037                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total              4072                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.942857                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.238000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.244083                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.942857                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.237057                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.243124                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.942857                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.237057                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.243124                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 3137599.121212                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 824338.296761                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 901446.990909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 3137599.121212                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 824338.296761                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 901446.990909                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 3137599.121212                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 824338.296761                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 901446.990909                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks                528                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                     528                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          957                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            990                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          957                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total             990                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          957                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total            990                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    100643371                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    704854712                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    805498083                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    100643371                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    704854712                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    805498083                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    100643371                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    704854712                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    805498083                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.942857                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.238000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.244083                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.942857                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.237057                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.243124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.942857                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.237057                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.243124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 3049799.121212                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 736525.299896                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 813634.427273                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 3049799.121212                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 736525.299896                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 813634.427273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 3049799.121212                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 736525.299896                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 813634.427273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                         3202                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2047.611645                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                         124028                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                         5247                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                        23.637888                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.026357                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    20.130287                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   903.869138                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data        1111.585862                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005872                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.009829                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.441342                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.542767                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.999810                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3839                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                  3840                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks            798                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total                 798                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::total                  10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3849                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                   3850                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3849                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                  3850                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3158                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total                3198                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::total                 4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3162                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                 3202                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3162                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total                3202                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     71801692                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2917047829                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    2988849521                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      6552114                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      6552114                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     71801692                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2923599943                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total     2995401635                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     71801692                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2923599943                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total    2995401635                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         6997                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total              7038                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          798                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total             798                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total              14                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         7011                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total               7052                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         7011                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total              7052                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.451336                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.454390                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.285714                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.285714                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.451006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.454056                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.451006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.454056                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1795042.300000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 923701.022483                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 934599.600063                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 1638028.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1638028.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1795042.300000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 924604.662555                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 935478.336977                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1795042.300000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 924604.662555                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 935478.336977                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks                496                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                     496                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3158                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3198                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3162                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total            3202                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3162                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total           3202                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     68289166                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2639730811                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2708019977                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      6200914                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6200914                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     68289166                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2645931725                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2714220891                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     68289166                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2645931725                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2714220891                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.451336                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.454390                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.285714                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.285714                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.451006                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.454056                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.451006                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.454056                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1707229.150000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 835886.893920                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 846785.483740                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 1550228.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1550228.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1707229.150000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 836790.551866                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 847664.238289                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1707229.150000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 836790.551866                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 847664.238289                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                         1318                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2047.511170                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                         159505                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                         3366                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                        47.387106                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.318050                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    32.088393                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   596.952164                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data        1391.152562                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013339                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.015668                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.291481                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.679274                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.999761                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3017                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                  3019                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks            961                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total                 961                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::total                  17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3034                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                   3036                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3034                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                  3036                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total                1319                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1277                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                 1319                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1277                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total                1319                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     83732269                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1083887807                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1167620076                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     83732269                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1083887807                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total     1167620076                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     83732269                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1083887807                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total    1167620076                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         4294                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total              4338                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          961                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total             961                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total              17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         4311                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total               4355                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         4311                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total              4355                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.297392                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.304057                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.296219                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.302870                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.296219                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.302870                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1993625.452381                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 848776.669538                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 885231.293404                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1993625.452381                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 848776.669538                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 885231.293404                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1993625.452381                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 848776.669538                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 885231.293404                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks                552                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                     552                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l214.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l214.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l214.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l214.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1276                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1318                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1276                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total            1318                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1276                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total           1318                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     80042281                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    969514735                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1049557016                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     80042281                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    969514735                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1049557016                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     80042281                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    969514735                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1049557016                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.297159                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.303827                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.295987                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.302641                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.295987                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.302641                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1905768.595238                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 759807.786050                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 796325.505311                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1905768.595238                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 759807.786050                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 796325.505311                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1905768.595238                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 759807.786050                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 796325.505311                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                         1979                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2047.551315                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                         181216                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                         4027                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                        45.000248                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks          46.379597                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    19.835595                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   856.658121                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data        1124.678002                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.022646                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.009685                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.418290                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.549159                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.999781                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3725                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                  3726                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks           2015                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total                2015                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3740                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                   3741                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3740                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                  3741                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1941                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total                1976                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1943                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                 1978                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1943                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total                1978                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     71300076                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1677303789                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1748603865                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      1814036                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      1814036                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     71300076                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1679117825                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total     1750417901                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     71300076                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1679117825                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total    1750417901                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         5666                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total              5702                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         2015                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total            2015                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total              17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         5683                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total               5719                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         5683                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total              5719                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.342570                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.346545                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.341897                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.345865                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.341897                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.345865                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2037145.028571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 864144.146832                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 884920.984312                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       907018                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total       907018                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2037145.028571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 864188.278435                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 884943.327098                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2037145.028571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 864188.278435                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 884943.327098                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks               1117                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                    1117                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1941                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1976                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1943                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total            1978                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1943                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total           1978                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     68227076                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1506843472                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1575070548                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      1638436                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1638436                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     68227076                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1508481908                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1576708984                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     68227076                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1508481908                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1576708984                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.342570                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.341897                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345865                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.341897                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345865                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1949345.028571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 776323.272540                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 797100.479757                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       819218                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       819218                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1949345.028571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 776367.425630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 797122.843276                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1949345.028571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 776367.425630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 797122.843276                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              512.188115                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1001231965                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1932880.241313                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    30.188115                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.048378                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.820814                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1223873                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1223873                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1223873                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total        1223873                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1223873                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total       1223873                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    114299619                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    114299619                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    114299619                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    114299619                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    114299619                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    114299619                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1223923                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1223923                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1223923                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total      1223923                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1223923                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total      1223923                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2285992.380000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2285992.380000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2285992.380000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2285992.380000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2285992.380000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2285992.380000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     80799786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     80799786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     80799786                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     80799786                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     80799786                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     80799786                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2244438.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2244438.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2244438.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2244438.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2244438.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2244438.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                 5683                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              158375042                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                 5939                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             26666.954369                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   225.408583                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    30.591417                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.880502                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.119498                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       860970                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        860970                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       726358                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       726358                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1784                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1784                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1670                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1670                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1587328                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total        1587328                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1587328                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total       1587328                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19341                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19341                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          596                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          596                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19937                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total        19937                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19937                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total        19937                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   8159279667                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8159279667                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    430801109                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    430801109                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   8590080776                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8590080776                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   8590080776                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8590080776                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       880311                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       880311                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       726954                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       726954                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1784                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1784                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1670                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1670                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1607265                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1607265                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1607265                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1607265                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.021971                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021971                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000820                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000820                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012404                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012404                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012404                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012404                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 421864.415852                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 421864.415852                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 722820.652685                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 722820.652685                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 430861.251743                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 430861.251743                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 430861.251743                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 430861.251743                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      6155950                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             8                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 769493.750000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2022                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total            2022                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        13675                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13675                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          579                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          579                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        14254                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14254                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        14254                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14254                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         5666                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5666                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         5683                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5683                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         5683                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5683                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1943107316                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1943107316                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      3421282                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3421282                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1946528598                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1946528598                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1946528598                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1946528598                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006436                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006436                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003536                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003536                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003536                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003536                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 342941.637134                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 342941.637134                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 201251.882353                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 201251.882353                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 342517.789548                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 342517.789548                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 342517.789548                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 342517.789548                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              548.173528                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              919941055                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  554                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1660543.420578                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    21.842322                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst   526.331206                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.035004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.843479                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.878483                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1243872                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1243872                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1243872                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total        1243872                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1243872                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total       1243872                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     54834218                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     54834218                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     54834218                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     54834218                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     54834218                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     54834218                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1243914                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1243914                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1243914                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total      1243914                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1243914                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total      1243914                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1305576.619048                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1305576.619048                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1305576.619048                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1305576.619048                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1305576.619048                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1305576.619048                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     45385680                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     45385680                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     45385680                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     45385680                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     45385680                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     45385680                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1680951.111111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1680951.111111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1680951.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1680951.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1680951.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1680951.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                 5576                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              205261780                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                 5832                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             35195.778464                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   192.458460                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    63.541540                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.751791                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.248209                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1852312                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1852312                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       338320                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       338320                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          801                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          801                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          793                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          793                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data      2190632                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total        2190632                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data      2190632                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total       2190632                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        19807                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19807                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        19833                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total        19833                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        19833                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total        19833                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   9055923919                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9055923919                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      2229493                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2229493                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   9058153412                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9058153412                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   9058153412                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9058153412                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1872119                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1872119                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       338346                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       338346                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          801                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          801                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          793                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          793                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      2210465                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2210465                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      2210465                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2210465                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.010580                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010580                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000077                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000077                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008972                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008972                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008972                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008972                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 457208.255617                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 457208.255617                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 85749.730769                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85749.730769                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 456721.293400                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 456721.293400                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 456721.293400                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 456721.293400                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          647                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total             647                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        14237                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14237                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        14257                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14257                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        14257                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14257                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         5570                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5570                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         5576                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5576                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         5576                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5576                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1840290318                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1840290318                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       385689                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       385689                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1840676007                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1840676007                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1840676007                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1840676007                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002975                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002975                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002523                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002523                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002523                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002523                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 330393.234829                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 330393.234829                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 64281.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64281.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 330106.887912                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 330106.887912                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 330106.887912                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 330106.887912                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              486.775806                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs             1003119108                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  490                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             2047181.853061                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    31.775806                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.050923                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.780089                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1330150                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1330150                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1330150                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total        1330150                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1330150                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total       1330150                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    145898800                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    145898800                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    145898800                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    145898800                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    145898800                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    145898800                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1330195                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1330195                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1330195                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total      1330195                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1330195                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total      1330195                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 3242195.555556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3242195.555556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 3242195.555556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3242195.555556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 3242195.555556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3242195.555556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      3236658                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 809164.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    100298593                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    100298593                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    100298593                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    100298593                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    100298593                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    100298593                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2865674.085714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2865674.085714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2865674.085714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2865674.085714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2865674.085714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2865674.085714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                 4039                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              148885962                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                 4295                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             34664.950407                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   220.783847                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    35.216153                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.862437                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.137563                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1059201                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1059201                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       785860                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       785860                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         2032                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2032                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1911                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1911                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1845061                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total        1845061                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1845061                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total       1845061                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        10335                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        10335                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           75                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           75                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        10410                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total        10410                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        10410                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total        10410                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2340032292                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2340032292                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      6127735                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6127735                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2346160027                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2346160027                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2346160027                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2346160027                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1069536                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1069536                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       785935                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       785935                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         2032                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2032                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         1911                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1911                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1855471                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1855471                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1855471                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1855471                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009663                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009663                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000095                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000095                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005610                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005610                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 226418.218868                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 226418.218868                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 81703.133333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81703.133333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 225375.602978                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 225375.602978                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 225375.602978                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 225375.602978                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          970                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total             970                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         6312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         6312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data           59                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           59                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         6371                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         6371                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         6371                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         6371                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         4023                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4023                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         4039                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4039                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         4039                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4039                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    988571880                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    988571880                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      1113141                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1113141                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    989685021                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    989685021                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    989685021                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    989685021                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003761                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003761                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002177                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002177                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002177                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002177                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 245730.022371                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 245730.022371                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 69571.312500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69571.312500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 245032.191384                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 245032.191384                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 245032.191384                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 245032.191384                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              510.660199                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              999992191                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1934220.872340                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    35.660199                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.057148                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.818366                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1296356                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1296356                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1296356                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total        1296356                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1296356                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total       1296356                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           63                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           63                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           63                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           63                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           63                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           63                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    117899313                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    117899313                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    117899313                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    117899313                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    117899313                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    117899313                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1296419                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1296419                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1296419                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total      1296419                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1296419                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total      1296419                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000049                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000049                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000049                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000049                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000049                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000049                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1871417.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1871417.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1871417.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1871417.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1871417.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1871417.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           21                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     82415671                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     82415671                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     82415671                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     82415671                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     82415671                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     82415671                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1962277.880952                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1962277.880952                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1962277.880952                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1962277.880952                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1962277.880952                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1962277.880952                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                 4311                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              152540617                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                 4567                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             33400.616816                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   223.794583                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    32.205417                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.874198                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.125802                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       891695                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        891695                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       749560                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       749560                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1931                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1931                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1805                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1805                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1641255                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total        1641255                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1641255                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total       1641255                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        13720                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        13720                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          103                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          103                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        13823                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total        13823                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        13823                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total        13823                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   4699951340                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4699951340                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      8424628                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8424628                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   4708375968                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4708375968                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   4708375968                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4708375968                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       905415                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       905415                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       749663                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       749663                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         1931                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1931                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         1805                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1805                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1655078                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1655078                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1655078                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1655078                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.015153                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015153                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000137                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000137                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008352                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008352                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008352                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008352                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 342562.051020                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 342562.051020                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 81792.504854                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81792.504854                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 340618.966071                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 340618.966071                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 340618.966071                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 340618.966071                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          961                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total             961                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         9426                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         9426                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data           85                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           85                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         9511                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         9511                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         9511                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         9511                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         4294                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4294                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         4312                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4312                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         4312                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4312                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1284060061                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1284060061                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      1168180                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1168180                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1285228241                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1285228241                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1285228241                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1285228241                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.004743                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004743                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002605                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002605                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002605                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002605                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 299035.878202                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 299035.878202                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 64898.888889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64898.888889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 298058.497449                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 298058.497449                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 298058.497449                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 298058.497449                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              512.340321                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs             1001234293                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1932884.735521                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    30.340321                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.048622                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.821058                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1226201                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1226201                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1226201                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total        1226201                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1226201                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total       1226201                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    107951567                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    107951567                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    107951567                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    107951567                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    107951567                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    107951567                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1226251                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1226251                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1226251                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total      1226251                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1226251                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total      1226251                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2159031.340000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2159031.340000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2159031.340000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2159031.340000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2159031.340000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2159031.340000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     78020462                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     78020462                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     78020462                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     78020462                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     78020462                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     78020462                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2167235.055556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2167235.055556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2167235.055556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2167235.055556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2167235.055556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2167235.055556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                 5719                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              158379275                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                 5975                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             26506.991632                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   225.393275                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    30.606725                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.880442                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.119558                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       862998                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        862998                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       728530                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       728530                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1813                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1813                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1674                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1674                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1591528                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total        1591528                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1591528                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total       1591528                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        19498                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19498                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          566                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          566                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        20064                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total        20064                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        20064                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total        20064                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   8152420068                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8152420068                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    353535180                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    353535180                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   8505955248                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8505955248                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   8505955248                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8505955248                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       882496                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       882496                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       729096                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       729096                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1813                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1813                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1674                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1674                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1611592                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1611592                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1611592                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1611592                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.022094                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022094                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000776                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000776                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.012450                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012450                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.012450                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012450                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 418115.707662                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 418115.707662                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 624620.459364                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 624620.459364                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 423941.150718                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 423941.150718                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 423941.150718                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 423941.150718                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      4668134                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             6                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 778022.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2018                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total            2018                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        13796                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13796                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          549                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          549                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        14345                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14345                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        14345                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14345                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         5702                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5702                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         5719                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5719                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         5719                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5719                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1934429482                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1934429482                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      2109019                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2109019                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1936538501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1936538501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1936538501                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1936538501                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006461                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006461                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003549                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003549                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003549                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003549                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 339254.556647                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 339254.556647                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 124059.941176                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 124059.941176                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 338614.880399                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 338614.880399                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 338614.880399                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 338614.880399                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              512.531537                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs             1001231524                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1932879.389961                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    30.531537                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.048929                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.821365                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1223432                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1223432                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1223432                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total        1223432                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1223432                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total       1223432                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    116851929                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    116851929                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    116851929                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    116851929                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    116851929                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    116851929                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1223485                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1223485                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1223485                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total      1223485                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1223485                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total      1223485                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2204753.377358                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2204753.377358                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2204753.377358                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2204753.377358                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2204753.377358                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2204753.377358                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     78557886                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     78557886                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     78557886                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     78557886                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     78557886                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     78557886                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2182163.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2182163.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2182163.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2182163.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2182163.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2182163.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                 5674                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              158375616                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                 5930                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             26707.523777                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   225.389742                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    30.610258                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.880429                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.119571                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       861524                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        861524                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       726391                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       726391                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1771                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1771                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1670                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1670                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1587915                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total        1587915                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1587915                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total       1587915                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        19392                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19392                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          630                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          630                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        20022                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total        20022                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        20022                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total        20022                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   8300089105                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8300089105                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    401827258                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    401827258                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   8701916363                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8701916363                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   8701916363                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8701916363                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       880916                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       880916                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       727021                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       727021                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1771                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1771                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1670                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1670                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1607937                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1607937                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1607937                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1607937                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.022013                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022013                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000867                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000867                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.012452                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012452                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.012452                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012452                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 428016.146091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 428016.146091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 637821.044444                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 637821.044444                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 434617.738637                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 434617.738637                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 434617.738637                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 434617.738637                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      4149675                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             9                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       461075                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2011                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total            2011                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        13736                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13736                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          612                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          612                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        14348                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14348                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        14348                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14348                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         5656                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5656                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         5674                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5674                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         5674                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5674                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1949626712                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1949626712                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      4593124                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4593124                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1954219836                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1954219836                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1954219836                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1954219836                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.006421                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006421                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003529                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003529                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003529                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003529                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 344700.620934                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 344700.620934                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 255173.555556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 255173.555556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 344416.608389                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 344416.608389                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 344416.608389                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 344416.608389                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              517.237516                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs             1005645713                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  526                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1911873.979087                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    27.237516                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.043650                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.828906                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1187668                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1187668                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1187668                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total        1187668                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1187668                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total       1187668                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     80085044                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     80085044                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     80085044                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     80085044                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     80085044                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     80085044                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1187727                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1187727                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1187727                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total      1187727                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1187727                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total      1187727                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000050                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000050                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000050                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000050                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000050                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000050                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1357373.627119                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1357373.627119                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1357373.627119                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1357373.627119                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1357373.627119                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1357373.627119                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           23                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     53699892                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     53699892                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     53699892                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     53699892                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     53699892                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     53699892                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1491663.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1491663.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1491663.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1491663.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1491663.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1491663.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                 7024                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              167164223                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                 7280                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             22962.118544                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   227.180571                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    28.819429                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.887424                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.112576                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       821120                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        821120                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       679510                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       679510                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1942                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1942                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1586                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1586                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1500630                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total        1500630                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1500630                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total       1500630                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        18487                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18487                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        18591                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total        18591                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        18591                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total        18591                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   8347962920                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8347962920                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     89282881                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     89282881                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   8437245801                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8437245801                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   8437245801                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8437245801                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       839607                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       839607                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       679614                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       679614                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1942                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1942                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1586                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1586                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1519221                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1519221                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1519221                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1519221                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.022019                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022019                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000153                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000153                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.012237                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012237                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.012237                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012237                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 451558.550333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 451558.550333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 858489.240385                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 858489.240385                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 453834.963208                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 453834.963208                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 453834.963208                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 453834.963208                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       799022                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       799022                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          798                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total             798                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        11478                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        11478                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data           89                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           89                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        11567                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        11567                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        11567                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        11567                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         7009                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7009                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         7024                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7024                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         7024                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7024                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3247918947                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3247918947                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      9047142                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9047142                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3256966089                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3256966089                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3256966089                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3256966089                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008348                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008348                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004623                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004623                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004623                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004623                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 463392.630475                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 463392.630475                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 603142.800000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 603142.800000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 463691.071896                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 463691.071896                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 463691.071896                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 463691.071896                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              571.145183                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs             1030761160                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  580                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1777174.413793                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    29.385765                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst   541.759419                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.047093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.868204                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.915297                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1178379                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1178379                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1178379                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total        1178379                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1178379                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total       1178379                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     76357609                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     76357609                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     76357609                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     76357609                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     76357609                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     76357609                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1178430                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1178430                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1178430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total      1178430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1178430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total      1178430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1497208.019608                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1497208.019608                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1497208.019608                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1497208.019608                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1497208.019608                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1497208.019608                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     53212242                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     53212242                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     53212242                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     53212242                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     53212242                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     53212242                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1438168.702703                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1438168.702703                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1438168.702703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1438168.702703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1438168.702703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1438168.702703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                 8019                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              406303930                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                 8275                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             49100.172810                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   111.107017                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data   144.892983                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.434012                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.565988                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      3074901                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3074901                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1683139                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1683139                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          824                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          824                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          822                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          822                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data      4758040                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total        4758040                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data      4758040                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total       4758040                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        29158                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        29158                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        29188                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total        29188                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        29188                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total        29188                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  13809847461                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  13809847461                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     44381959                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     44381959                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  13854229420                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  13854229420                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  13854229420                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  13854229420                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      3104059                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3104059                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1683169                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1683169                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          824                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          824                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          822                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          822                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      4787228                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4787228                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      4787228                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4787228                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.009394                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009394                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.006097                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006097                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.006097                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006097                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 473621.217539                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 473621.217539                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 1479398.633333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1479398.633333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 474654.975332                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 474654.975332                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 474654.975332                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 474654.975332                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1416                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total            1416                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        21148                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        21148                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        21169                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        21169                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        21169                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        21169                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         8010                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8010                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         8019                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8019                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         8019                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8019                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3644495119                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3644495119                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     12998182                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12998182                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3657493301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3657493301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3657493301                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3657493301                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002580                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002580                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.001675                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001675                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.001675                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001675                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 454993.148439                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 454993.148439                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 1444242.444444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1444242.444444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 456103.417010                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 456103.417010                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 456103.417010                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 456103.417010                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              486.775407                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs             1003117105                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  490                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             2047177.765306                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    31.775407                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.050922                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.780089                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1328147                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1328147                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1328147                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total        1328147                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1328147                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total       1328147                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    136710273                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    136710273                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    136710273                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    136710273                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    136710273                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    136710273                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1328192                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1328192                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1328192                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total      1328192                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1328192                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total      1328192                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 3038006.066667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3038006.066667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 3038006.066667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3038006.066667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 3038006.066667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3038006.066667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2593367                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 864455.666667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     94535968                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     94535968                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     94535968                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     94535968                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     94535968                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     94535968                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2701027.657143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2701027.657143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2701027.657143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2701027.657143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2701027.657143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2701027.657143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                 4033                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              148883193                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                 4289                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             34712.798554                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   220.783117                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    35.216883                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.862434                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.137566                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1057607                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1057607                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       784689                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       784689                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2030                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2030                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1909                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1909                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1842296                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total        1842296                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1842296                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total       1842296                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        10317                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        10317                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           75                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           75                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        10392                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total        10392                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        10392                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total        10392                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2380205150                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2380205150                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      6121108                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6121108                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2386326258                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2386326258                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2386326258                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2386326258                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1067924                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1067924                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       784764                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       784764                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         2030                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2030                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1909                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1909                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1852688                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1852688                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1852688                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1852688                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.009661                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009661                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005609                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005609                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005609                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005609                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 230707.099932                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 230707.099932                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 81614.773333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81614.773333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 229631.087182                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 229631.087182                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 229631.087182                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 229631.087182                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          968                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total             968                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         6300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         6300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data           59                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           59                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         6359                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         6359                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         6359                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         6359                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         4017                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4017                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         4033                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4033                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         4033                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4033                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1007684223                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1007684223                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      1112146                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1112146                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1008796369                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1008796369                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1008796369                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1008796369                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003762                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003762                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002177                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002177                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002177                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002177                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 250854.922330                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 250854.922330                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 69509.125000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69509.125000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 250135.474585                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 250135.474585                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 250135.474585                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 250135.474585                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              517.666244                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1005647969                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  526                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1911878.268061                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    27.666244                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.044337                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.829593                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1189924                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1189924                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1189924                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total        1189924                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1189924                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total       1189924                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    100727457                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    100727457                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    100727457                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    100727457                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    100727457                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    100727457                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1189980                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1189980                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1189980                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total      1189980                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1189980                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total      1189980                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1798704.589286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1798704.589286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1798704.589286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1798704.589286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1798704.589286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1798704.589286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     69237207                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     69237207                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     69237207                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     69237207                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     69237207                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     69237207                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1923255.750000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1923255.750000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1923255.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1923255.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1923255.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1923255.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                 7001                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              167166536                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                 7257                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             23035.212347                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   227.223882                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    28.776118                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.887593                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.112407                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       822598                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        822598                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       680412                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       680412                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1874                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1874                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1587                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1587                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1503010                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total        1503010                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1503010                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total       1503010                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        18384                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18384                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           94                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           94                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        18478                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total        18478                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        18478                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total        18478                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   8219103452                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8219103452                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     86257600                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     86257600                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   8305361052                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8305361052                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   8305361052                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8305361052                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       840982                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       840982                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       680506                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       680506                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1874                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1874                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1587                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1587                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1521488                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1521488                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1521488                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1521488                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.021860                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021860                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000138                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000138                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.012145                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012145                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.012145                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012145                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 447079.169495                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 447079.169495                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 917634.042553                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 917634.042553                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 449472.943609                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 449472.943609                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 449472.943609                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 449472.943609                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          799                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total             799                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        11398                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        11398                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data           79                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           79                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        11477                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        11477                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        11477                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        11477                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         6986                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6986                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         7001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         7001                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7001                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3196713990                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3196713990                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      9806643                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9806643                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3206520633                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3206520633                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3206520633                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3206520633                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008307                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008307                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.004601                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004601                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.004601                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004601                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 457588.604352                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 457588.604352                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 653776.200000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 653776.200000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 458008.946293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 458008.946293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 458008.946293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 458008.946293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              510.223581                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              999991050                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1937967.151163                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    35.223581                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.056448                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.817666                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1295215                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1295215                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1295215                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total        1295215                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1295215                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total       1295215                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    102919666                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    102919666                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    102919666                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    102919666                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    102919666                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    102919666                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1295273                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1295273                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1295273                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total      1295273                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1295273                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total      1295273                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1774477                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1774477                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1774477                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total      1774477                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1774477                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total      1774477                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     73732102                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     73732102                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     73732102                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     73732102                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     73732102                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     73732102                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1798343.951220                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1798343.951220                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1798343.951220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1798343.951220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1798343.951220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1798343.951220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                 4310                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              152540349                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                 4566                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             33407.873193                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   223.781816                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    32.218184                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.874148                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.125852                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       891570                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        891570                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       749446                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       749446                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1904                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1904                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1803                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1803                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1641016                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total        1641016                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1641016                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total       1641016                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        13781                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        13781                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          105                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          105                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        13886                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total        13886                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        13886                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total        13886                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   4665096298                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4665096298                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      8606010                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8606010                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   4673702308                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4673702308                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   4673702308                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4673702308                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       905351                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       905351                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       749551                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       749551                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         1904                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1904                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         1803                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1803                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1654902                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1654902                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1654902                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1654902                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.015222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000140                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000140                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008391                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008391                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008391                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008391                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 338516.529860                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 338516.529860                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data        81962                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total        81962                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 336576.574103                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 336576.574103                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 336576.574103                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 336576.574103                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          961                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total             961                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         9489                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         9489                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data           87                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           87                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         9576                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         9576                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         9576                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         9576                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         4292                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4292                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         4310                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4310                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         4310                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4310                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1287439021                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1287439021                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      1172668                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1172668                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1288611689                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1288611689                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1288611689                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1288611689                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.004741                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004741                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002604                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002604                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002604                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002604                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 299962.493243                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 299962.493243                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 65148.222222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65148.222222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 298981.830394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 298981.830394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 298981.830394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 298981.830394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              486.777313                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs             1003118829                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  490                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             2047181.283673                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    31.777313                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.050925                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.780092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1329871                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1329871                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1329871                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total        1329871                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1329871                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total       1329871                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    140140337                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    140140337                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    140140337                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    140140337                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    140140337                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    140140337                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1329917                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1329917                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1329917                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total      1329917                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1329917                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total      1329917                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 3046529.065217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3046529.065217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 3046529.065217                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3046529.065217                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 3046529.065217                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3046529.065217                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2611330                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 870443.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     96211583                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     96211583                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     96211583                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     96211583                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     96211583                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     96211583                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2748902.371429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2748902.371429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2748902.371429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2748902.371429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2748902.371429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2748902.371429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                 4039                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              148885574                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                 4295                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             34664.860070                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   220.782006                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    35.217994                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.862430                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.137570                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1058967                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1058967                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       785706                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       785706                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2032                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2032                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1911                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1911                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1844673                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total        1844673                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1844673                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total       1844673                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        10335                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        10335                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           75                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           75                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        10410                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total        10410                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        10410                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total        10410                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2355911332                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2355911332                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      6128378                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6128378                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2362039710                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2362039710                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2362039710                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2362039710                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1069302                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1069302                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       785781                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       785781                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         2032                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2032                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         1911                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1911                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1855083                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1855083                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1855083                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1855083                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.009665                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009665                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000095                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000095                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005612                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005612                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005612                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005612                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 227954.652346                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 227954.652346                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 81711.706667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81711.706667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 226901.028818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 226901.028818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 226901.028818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 226901.028818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          970                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total             970                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         6312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         6312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data           59                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           59                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         6371                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         6371                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         6371                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         6371                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         4023                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4023                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         4039                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4039                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         4039                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4039                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    998551531                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    998551531                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      1113416                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1113416                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    999664947                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    999664947                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    999664947                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    999664947                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003762                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003762                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002177                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002177                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002177                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002177                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 248210.671390                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 248210.671390                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 69588.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69588.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 247503.081703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 247503.081703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 247503.081703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 247503.081703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              486.773220                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1003118137                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  490                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             2047179.871429                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    31.773220                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.050919                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.780085                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1329179                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1329179                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1329179                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total        1329179                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1329179                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total       1329179                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    150909446                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    150909446                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    150909446                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    150909446                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    150909446                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    150909446                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1329224                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1329224                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1329224                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total      1329224                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1329224                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total      1329224                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 3353543.244444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3353543.244444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 3353543.244444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3353543.244444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 3353543.244444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3353543.244444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      3236823                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 809205.750000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    103967406                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    103967406                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    103967406                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    103967406                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    103967406                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    103967406                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2970497.314286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2970497.314286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2970497.314286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2970497.314286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2970497.314286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2970497.314286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                 4037                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              148884631                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                 4293                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             34680.789891                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   220.780212                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    35.219788                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.862423                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.137577                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1058436                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1058436                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       785294                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       785294                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2032                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2032                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1911                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1911                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1843730                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total        1843730                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1843730                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total       1843730                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        10329                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        10329                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           75                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           75                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        10404                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total        10404                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        10404                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total        10404                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2352552427                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2352552427                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      6132113                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6132113                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2358684540                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2358684540                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2358684540                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2358684540                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1068765                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1068765                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       785369                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       785369                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         2032                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2032                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1911                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1911                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1854134                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1854134                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1854134                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1854134                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009664                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009664                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000095                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000095                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005611                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005611                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005611                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005611                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 227761.876948                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 227761.876948                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 81761.506667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81761.506667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 226709.394464                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 226709.394464                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 226709.394464                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 226709.394464                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          970                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total             970                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         6308                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         6308                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data           59                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           59                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         6367                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         6367                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         6367                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         6367                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         4021                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4021                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         4037                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4037                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         4037                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4037                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    996545928                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    996545928                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      1113737                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1113737                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    997659665                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    997659665                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    997659665                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    997659665                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003762                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003762                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002177                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002177                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002177                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002177                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 247835.346431                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 247835.346431                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 69608.562500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69608.562500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 247128.973247                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 247128.973247                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 247128.973247                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 247128.973247                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              518.104850                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs             1005647957                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  531                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1893875.625235                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    28.110010                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst   489.994840                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.045048                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.785248                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830296                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1189912                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1189912                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1189912                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total        1189912                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1189912                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total       1189912                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     97045551                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     97045551                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     97045551                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     97045551                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     97045551                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     97045551                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1189971                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1189971                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1189971                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total      1189971                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1189971                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total      1189971                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000050                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000050                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000050                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000050                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000050                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000050                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1644839.847458                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1644839.847458                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1644839.847458                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1644839.847458                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1644839.847458                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1644839.847458                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     72214293                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     72214293                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     72214293                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     72214293                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     72214293                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     72214293                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1761324.219512                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1761324.219512                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1761324.219512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1761324.219512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1761324.219512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1761324.219512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                 7011                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              167166369                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                 7267                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             23003.490987                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   227.193875                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    28.806125                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.887476                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.112524                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       822587                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        822587                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       680167                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       680167                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1961                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1961                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1589                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1589                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1502754                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total        1502754                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1502754                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total       1502754                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        18434                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18434                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           90                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           90                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        18524                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total        18524                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        18524                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total        18524                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   8212699227                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8212699227                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     82110048                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     82110048                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   8294809275                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8294809275                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   8294809275                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8294809275                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       841021                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       841021                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       680257                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       680257                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1961                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1961                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1589                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1589                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1521278                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1521278                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1521278                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1521278                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.021919                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021919                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000132                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.012177                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012177                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.012177                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012177                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 445519.107464                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 445519.107464                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 912333.866667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 912333.866667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 447787.155852                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 447787.155852                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 447787.155852                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 447787.155852                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          798                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total             798                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        11437                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        11437                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data           76                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           76                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        11513                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        11513                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        11513                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        11513                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         6997                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6997                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         7011                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7011                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         7011                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7011                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3195660833                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3195660833                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      7231484                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7231484                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3202892317                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3202892317                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3202892317                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3202892317                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008320                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008320                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.004609                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004609                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.004609                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004609                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 456718.712734                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 456718.712734                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 516534.571429                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 516534.571429                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 456838.156754                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 456838.156754                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 456838.156754                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 456838.156754                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              511.716793                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              999991206                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1926765.329480                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    36.716793                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.058841                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.820059                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1295371                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1295371                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1295371                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total        1295371                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1295371                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total       1295371                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           61                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           61                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           61                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           61                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           61                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           61                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    115207020                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    115207020                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    115207020                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    115207020                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    115207020                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    115207020                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1295432                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1295432                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1295432                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total      1295432                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1295432                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total      1295432                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1888639.672131                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1888639.672131                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1888639.672131                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1888639.672131                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1888639.672131                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1888639.672131                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     84226198                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     84226198                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     84226198                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     84226198                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     84226198                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     84226198                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1914231.772727                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1914231.772727                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1914231.772727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1914231.772727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1914231.772727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1914231.772727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                 4311                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              152539650                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                 4567                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             33400.405080                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   223.753810                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    32.246190                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.874038                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.125962                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       891276                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        891276                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       749036                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       749036                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1908                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1908                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1804                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1804                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1640312                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total        1640312                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1640312                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total       1640312                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        13762                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        13762                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           97                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           97                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        13859                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total        13859                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        13859                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total        13859                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   4650440099                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4650440099                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      8013804                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8013804                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   4658453903                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4658453903                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   4658453903                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4658453903                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       905038                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       905038                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       749133                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       749133                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1908                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1908                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1804                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1804                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1654171                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1654171                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1654171                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1654171                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.015206                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015206                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000129                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000129                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008378                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008378                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008378                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008378                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 337918.914329                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 337918.914329                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 82616.536082                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82616.536082                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 336132.037160                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 336132.037160                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 336132.037160                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 336132.037160                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          961                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total             961                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         9468                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         9468                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data           80                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           80                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         9548                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         9548                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         9548                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         9548                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         4294                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4294                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         4311                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4311                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         4311                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4311                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1291049257                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1291049257                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      1107457                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1107457                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1292156714                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1292156714                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1292156714                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1292156714                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004745                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004745                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002606                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002606                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002606                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002606                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 300663.543782                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 300663.543782                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 65144.529412                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65144.529412                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 299734.797959                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 299734.797959                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 299734.797959                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 299734.797959                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              510.192691                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs             1001231882                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1932880.081081                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    28.192691                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.045181                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.817616                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1223790                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1223790                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1223790                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total        1223790                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1223790                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total       1223790                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    101722615                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    101722615                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    101722615                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    101722615                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    101722615                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    101722615                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1223839                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1223839                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1223839                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total      1223839                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1223839                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total      1223839                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2075971.734694                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2075971.734694                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2075971.734694                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2075971.734694                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2075971.734694                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2075971.734694                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     71666467                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     71666467                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     71666467                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     71666467                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     71666467                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     71666467                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1990735.194444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1990735.194444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1990735.194444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1990735.194444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1990735.194444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1990735.194444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                 5683                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              158373804                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                 5939                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             26666.745917                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   225.389885                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    30.610115                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.880429                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.119571                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       859710                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        859710                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       726432                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       726432                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1733                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1733                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1669                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1669                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1586142                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total        1586142                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1586142                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total       1586142                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        19308                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19308                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          594                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          594                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        19902                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total        19902                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        19902                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total        19902                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   8227330010                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8227330010                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    373918935                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    373918935                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   8601248945                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8601248945                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   8601248945                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8601248945                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       879018                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       879018                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       727026                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       727026                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1733                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1733                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1669                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1669                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1606044                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1606044                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1606044                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1606044                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.021965                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021965                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000817                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000817                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.012392                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012392                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.012392                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012392                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 426109.903149                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 426109.903149                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 629493.156566                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 629493.156566                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 432180.129886                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 432180.129886                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 432180.129886                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 432180.129886                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      5964124                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             8                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 745515.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2015                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total            2015                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        13642                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13642                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          577                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          577                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        14219                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14219                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        14219                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14219                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         5666                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5666                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         5683                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5683                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         5683                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5683                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1938331359                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1938331359                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      2797076                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2797076                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1941128435                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1941128435                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1941128435                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1941128435                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.006446                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006446                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003539                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003539                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003539                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003539                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 342098.722026                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 342098.722026                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 164533.882353                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164533.882353                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 341567.558508                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 341567.558508                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 341567.558508                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 341567.558508                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
