
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.001195                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  1194601584                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               400396743012                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 397191                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   523578                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                  40787                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67760080                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 29289.10                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 11633354948                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   15335129941                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data        22912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data        27136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data        69248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data        22912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data        43008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data        27264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         1408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data        13312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data        23040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data        17024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data        22912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         1408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data        13312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data        27136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data        69632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data        17024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data        67840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data        27136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               555392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         3072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         1408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         3072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         3072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         1408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           44544                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       228096                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            228096                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           24                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data          179                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data          212                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data          541                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           24                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data          179                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data          336                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data          213                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           11                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data          104                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           24                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data          180                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data          133                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           24                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data          179                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data          104                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data          212                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data          544                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data          133                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data          530                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data          212                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                  4339                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            1782                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 1782                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst      2571569                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     19179616                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst      2893015                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     22715523                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst      1392933                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     57967444                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst      2571569                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     19179616                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst      3107312                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     36001961                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst      2893015                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     22822672                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst      1178636                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     11143464                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst      2571569                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     19286765                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst      2893015                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     14250776                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst      2571569                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     19179616                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst      1178636                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     11143464                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst      2893015                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     22715523                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst      1392933                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     58288890                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst      2893015                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     14250776                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst      1392933                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     56788808                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst      2893015                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     22715523                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               464918185                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst      2571569                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst      2893015                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst      1392933                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst      2571569                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst      3107312                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst      2893015                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst      1178636                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst      2571569                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst      2893015                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst      2571569                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst      1178636                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst      2893015                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst      1392933                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst      2893015                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst      1392933                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst      2893015                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total           37287746                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         190938973                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              190938973                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         190938973                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst      2571569                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     19179616                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst      2893015                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     22715523                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst      1392933                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     57967444                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst      2571569                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     19179616                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst      3107312                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     36001961                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst      2893015                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     22822672                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst      1178636                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     11143464                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst      2571569                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     19286765                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst      2893015                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     14250776                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst      2571569                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     19179616                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst      1178636                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     11143464                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst      2893015                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     22715523                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst      1392933                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     58288890                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst      2893015                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     14250776                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst      1392933                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     56788808                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst      2893015                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     22715523                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              655857158                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles                2864753                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups         210086                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted       171896                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22312                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        87168                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits          80056                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21309                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1033                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2008130                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts              1199186                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches            210086                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches       101365                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles              262235                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles         64198                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles       211641                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines          125299                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22055                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples      2523518                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.581916                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.920439                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0        2261283     89.61%     89.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1          27848      1.10%     90.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2          32178      1.28%     91.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3          17825      0.71%     92.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4          20155      0.80%     93.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5          11761      0.47%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6           7806      0.31%     94.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7          20760      0.82%     95.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8         123902      4.91%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total      2523518                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.073335                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.418600                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles        1991526                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles       228896                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles          259901                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles         2075                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles        41116                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved        34252                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          397                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts      1463330                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         2154                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles        41116                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles        1995048                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles         18827                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles       201051                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles          258461                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles         9011                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts      1461089                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents            8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents         2008                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents         4387                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands      2031978                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups      6800982                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups      6800982                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps      1703093                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps         328872                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts          391                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts          224                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts           26274                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads       140413                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores        75401                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1864                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores        15790                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded          1457079                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          393                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued         1367765                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1978                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       200427                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       469210                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           56                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2523518                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.542007                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.236525                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1948085     77.20%     77.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       230856      9.15%     86.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       124525      4.93%     91.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        86093      3.41%     94.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        75189      2.98%     97.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        38827      1.54%     99.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         9381      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6093      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4469      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2523518                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           346     11.40%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1331     43.86%     55.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1358     44.74%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1145013     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21293      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          166      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       126624      9.26%     94.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        74669      5.46%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total      1367765                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.477446                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3035                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002219                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5264060                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1657940                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1342995                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses      1370800                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3360                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        27532                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           42                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2335                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           83                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles        41116                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles         14011                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1215                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1457479                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           16                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       140413                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        75401                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          225                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents          846                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           42                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12179                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13007                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts        25186                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1346032                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       118542                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        21732                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs             193168                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches         187687                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores            74626                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.469860                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent              1343086                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count             1342995                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers          798750                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers         2092554                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.468800                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.381711                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000002                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps      1226889                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts       230594                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          337                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts        22261                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2482402                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.494235                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.308976                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1980979     79.80%     79.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       232711      9.37%     89.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        97439      3.93%     93.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        58555      2.36%     95.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        40184      1.62%     97.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        26391      1.06%     98.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13716      0.55%     98.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10768      0.43%     99.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        21659      0.87%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2482402                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts      1000002                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps      1226889                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs               185944                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads              112879                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars               168                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches           175550                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts         1106121                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls        24959                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events        21659                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads            3918213                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes           2956102                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                 32777                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles                341235                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts           1000002                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps             1226889                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total      1000002                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.864747                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.864747                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.349071                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.349071                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads        6069752                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes       1866074                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads       1364081                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes          336                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles                2864753                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups         194776                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted       175010                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16983                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       131955                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits         128205                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10588                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          510                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2062663                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts              1109254                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches            194776                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches       138793                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles              246466                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles         56684                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles        87297                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines          126135                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16444                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples      2436024                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.507624                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.741185                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0        2189558     89.88%     89.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1          38196      1.57%     91.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2          18433      0.76%     92.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3          37904      1.56%     93.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4          10682      0.44%     94.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5          35463      1.46%     95.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6           5067      0.21%     95.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7           8402      0.34%     96.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8          92319      3.79%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total      2436024                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.067991                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.387208                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles        2040395                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles       110343                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles          245811                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles          254                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles        39218                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved        17208                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          380                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts      1231891                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1679                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles        39218                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles        2043273                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles         78339                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles        23846                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles          242977                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles         8368                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts      1228951                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents         1006                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents         6584                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands      1602535                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups      5555470                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups      5555470                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps      1261477                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps         341042                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts          160                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts           87                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts           18971                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads       230229                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores        33342                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads          313                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores         7399                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded          1220595                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          162                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued         1129636                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1341                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       246011                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       521891                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            9                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2436024                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.463721                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.074324                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1940988     79.68%     79.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       150963      6.20%     85.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       171887      7.06%     92.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        96529      3.96%     96.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        48449      1.99%     98.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        12687      0.52%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        13877      0.57%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          333      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          311      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2436024                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          1873     57.16%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead          799     24.38%     81.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          605     18.46%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       880558     77.95%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         8185      0.72%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           74      0.01%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       208054     18.42%     97.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        32765      2.90%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total      1129636                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.394322                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3277                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002901                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4699914                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1466792                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1098532                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses      1132913                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          856                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        51135                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           26                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1360                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles        39218                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles         68596                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles          959                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1220761                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          159                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       230229                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        33342                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           86                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents          444                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           28                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           26                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10599                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7294                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts        17893                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1114422                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       204750                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        15214                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs             237491                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches         169870                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores            32741                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.389012                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent              1098961                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count             1098532                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers          667089                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers         1421919                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.383465                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.469147                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts       870486                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps       972322                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts       248486                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          153                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts        16688                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2396806                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.405674                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.272728                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2038316     85.04%     85.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       138578      5.78%     90.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        91258      3.81%     94.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        27980      1.17%     95.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        48780      2.04%     97.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         8816      0.37%     98.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         5807      0.24%     98.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4922      0.21%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        32349      1.35%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2396806                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts       870486                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps       972322                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs               211073                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads              179091                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars                76                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches           150017                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts          847129                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls        11346                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events        32349                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads            3585252                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes           2480880                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                 48209                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles                428729                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts            870486                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps              972322                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total       870486                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     3.290981                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               3.290981                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.303861                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.303861                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads        5190543                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes       1424818                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads       1318160                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes          152                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles                2864753                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups         163608                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted       133424                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        17734                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        66921                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits          62166                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS          16320                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          769                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1593132                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts               968936                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches            163608                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches        78486                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles              198767                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles         55578                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles       159119                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines           99686                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes        17698                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples      1988221                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.593003                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.944422                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0        1789454     90.00%     90.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1          10445      0.53%     90.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2          16579      0.83%     91.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3          25046      1.26%     92.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4          10464      0.53%     93.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5          12292      0.62%     93.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6          12760      0.64%     94.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7           9044      0.45%     94.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8         102137      5.14%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total      1988221                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.057111                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.338227                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles        1571663                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles       181222                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles          197210                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles         1218                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles        36907                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved        26514                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          298                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts      1175162                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1079                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles        36907                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles        1575812                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles         84053                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles        84209                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles          194372                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles        12859                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts      1172322                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents          666                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents         2722                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents         6441                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.FullRegisterEvents          802                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands      1603280                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups      5466351                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups      5466351                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps      1315702                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps         287542                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts          253                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts          133                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts           37532                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads       119357                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores        65701                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3262                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores        13191                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded          1168265                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          253                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued         1088412                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2056                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       181868                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       424420                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           13                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      1988221                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.547430                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.233725                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1522453     76.57%     76.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       190472      9.58%     86.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       104372      5.25%     91.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        68053      3.42%     94.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        62079      3.12%     97.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        19020      0.96%     98.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        13884      0.70%     99.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         4787      0.24%     99.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3101      0.16%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      1988221                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           295     11.48%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1089     42.37%     53.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1186     46.15%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       896163     82.34%     82.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19974      1.84%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          120      0.01%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       107895      9.91%     94.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        64260      5.90%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total      1088412                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.379932                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2570                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002361                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4169670                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1350458                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1067886                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses      1090982                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5092                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        26193                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           13                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           74                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         4713                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          869                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles        36907                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles         70387                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1585                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1168518                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           15                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       119357                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        65701                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          133                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents          881                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           60                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           74                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         9532                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        11036                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts        20568                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1072002                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       102084                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        16409                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs             166228                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches         145174                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores            64144                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.374204                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent              1067972                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count             1067886                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers          632562                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers         1607038                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.372767                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.393620                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts       788444                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps       961526                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts       207872                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          240                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts        18025                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      1951314                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.492758                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.337083                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1560807     79.99%     79.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       186461      9.56%     89.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        77279      3.96%     93.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        39108      2.00%     95.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        29453      1.51%     97.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        16945      0.87%     97.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        10422      0.53%     98.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8598      0.44%     98.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        22241      1.14%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      1951314                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts       788444                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps       961526                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs               154151                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads               93164                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars               120                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches           133493                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts          869360                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls        18765                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events        22241                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads            3098471                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes           2375734                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                 28857                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles                876532                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts            788444                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps              961526                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total       788444                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     3.633426                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               3.633426                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.275222                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.275222                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads        4866637                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes       1459114                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads       1112807                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes          240                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles                2864753                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups         209672                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted       171580                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22273                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        86993                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits          79887                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21258                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1030                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2004116                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts              1196970                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches            209672                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches       101145                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles              261732                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles         64096                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles       222472                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines          125055                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22018                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples      2529769                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.579385                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.916667                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0        2268037     89.65%     89.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1          27798      1.10%     90.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2          32110      1.27%     92.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3          17784      0.70%     92.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4          20121      0.80%     93.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5          11731      0.46%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6           7796      0.31%     94.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7          20710      0.82%     95.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8         123682      4.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total      2529769                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.073190                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.417827                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles        1987542                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles       239698                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles          259403                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles         2069                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles        41053                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved        34171                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          397                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts      1460560                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         2154                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles        41053                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles        1991060                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles         19132                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles       211555                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles          257963                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles         9002                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts      1458319                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents            8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents         2012                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents         4381                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands      2028271                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups      6788168                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups      6788168                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps      1699831                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps         328434                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts          390                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts          224                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts           26230                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads       140143                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores        75236                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1862                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores        15760                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded          1454309                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          393                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued         1365097                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1973                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       200168                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       468637                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           56                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2529769                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.539613                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.234284                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1955416     77.30%     77.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       230456      9.11%     86.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       124297      4.91%     91.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        85915      3.40%     94.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        75026      2.97%     97.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        38755      1.53%     99.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         9363      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6083      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4458      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2529769                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           347     11.46%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1328     43.84%     55.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1354     44.70%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1142794     83.72%     83.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21257      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          165      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       126377      9.26%     94.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        74504      5.46%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total      1365097                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.476515                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3029                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002219                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5264965                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1654911                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1340368                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses      1368126                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3360                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        27490                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           42                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2335                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           83                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles        41053                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles         14319                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1215                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1454709                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           16                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       140143                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        75236                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          225                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents          846                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           42                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12155                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12988                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts        25143                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1343399                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       118306                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        21698                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs             192768                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches         187295                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores            74462                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.468941                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent              1340459                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count             1340368                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers          797267                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers         2088689                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.467883                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.381707                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts       998056                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps      1224446                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts       230273                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          337                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts        22222                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2488716                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.491999                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.306431                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1988280     79.89%     79.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       232261      9.33%     89.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        97255      3.91%     93.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        58422      2.35%     95.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        40113      1.61%     97.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        26336      1.06%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13686      0.55%     98.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10743      0.43%     99.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        21620      0.87%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2488716                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts       998056                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps      1224446                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs               185550                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads              112649                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars               168                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches           175185                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts         1103901                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls        24895                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events        21620                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads            3921802                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes           2950505                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                 32715                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles                334984                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts            998056                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps             1224446                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total       998056                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.870333                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.870333                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.348392                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.348392                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads        6057956                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes       1862579                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads       1361513                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes          336                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles                2864753                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups         196509                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted       177074                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        12063                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        76174                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits          67981                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10501                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          538                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2061527                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts              1232166                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches            196509                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches        78482                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles              242556                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles         38583                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles       295176                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.MiscStallCycles         1222                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           28                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines          119971                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes        11889                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples      2626739                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.550703                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.855785                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0        2384183     90.77%     90.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1           8378      0.32%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2          17581      0.67%     91.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3           7190      0.27%     92.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4          39748      1.51%     93.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5          35739      1.36%     94.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6           6636      0.25%     95.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7          14332      0.55%     95.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8         112952      4.30%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total      2626739                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.068595                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.430112                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles        2045626                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles       312817                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles          241493                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles          797                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles        26002                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved        17251                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          228                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts      1442968                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1406                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles        26002                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles        2048799                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles        279154                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles        24822                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles          239319                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles         8639                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts      1440810                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents           12                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents         3682                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents         3244                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.FullRegisterEvents            3                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands      1696254                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups      6779111                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups      6779111                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps      1465636                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps         230602                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts          176                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts           96                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts           22860                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads       338835                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores       170012                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1588                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores         8285                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded          1435660                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          177                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued         1367806                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1264                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       133438                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       327872                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           12                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2626739                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.520724                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.313686                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2137938     81.39%     81.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       147795      5.63%     87.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       120895      4.60%     91.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        51547      1.96%     93.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        65801      2.51%     96.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        62502      2.38%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        35678      1.36%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2866      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1717      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2626739                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3352     10.94%     10.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead        26501     86.52%     97.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          778      2.54%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       858761     62.78%     62.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        11786      0.86%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           80      0.01%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       328007     23.98%     87.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       169172     12.37%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total      1367806                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.477460                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt             30631                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022394                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5394246                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1569339                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1354015                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses      1398437                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2453                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        17125                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           65                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1936                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          116                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles        26002                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles        273706                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2280                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1435842                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           31                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       338835                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       170012                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           95                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1447                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           18                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           65                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6185                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7643                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts        13828                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1356852                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       326726                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        10954                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs             495850                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches         177508                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores           169124                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.473637                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent              1354159                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count             1354015                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers          731923                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers         1442290                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.472646                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.507473                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1090479                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps      1280903                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts       155080                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          165                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts        12079                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2600737                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.492515                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.308994                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2134830     82.09%     82.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       170890      6.57%     88.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        79825      3.07%     91.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        78899      3.03%     94.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        21174      0.81%     95.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        91049      3.50%     99.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6946      0.27%     99.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4943      0.19%     99.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        12181      0.47%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2600737                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts      1090479                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps      1280903                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs               489778                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads              321707                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars                82                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches           169101                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts         1138784                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls        12272                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events        12181                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads            4024526                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes           2897998                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                 46136                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles                238014                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts           1090479                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps             1280903                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total      1090479                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.627059                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.627059                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.380654                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.380654                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads        6704961                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes       1574832                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads       1713092                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes          164                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles                2864753                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups         193946                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted       174198                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16847                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       131775                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits         127766                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10628                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          532                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2058753                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts              1105549                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches            193946                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches       138394                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles              245524                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles         56218                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles        89192                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines          125780                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16309                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples      2432744                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.506744                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.740173                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0        2187220     89.91%     89.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1          38140      1.57%     91.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2          18165      0.75%     92.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3          37590      1.55%     93.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4          10745      0.44%     94.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5          35226      1.45%     95.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6           5145      0.21%     95.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7           8546      0.35%     96.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8          91967      3.78%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total      2432744                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.067701                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.385914                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles        2036588                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles       112137                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles          244848                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles          275                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles        38893                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved        17229                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          382                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts      1228027                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1699                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles        38893                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles        2039434                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles         75494                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles        28498                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles          242033                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles         8389                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts      1225222                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents            7                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents         1138                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents         6435                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands      1597400                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups      5539281                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups      5539281                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps      1259511                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps         337866                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts          156                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts           83                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts           18893                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads       229376                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores        33338                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads          314                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores         7429                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded          1217101                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          158                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued         1126992                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1398                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       244178                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       517280                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            5                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2432744                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.463260                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.073041                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1937945     79.66%     79.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       151964      6.25%     85.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       171158      7.04%     92.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        96321      3.96%     96.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        48341      1.99%     98.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        12636      0.52%     99.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        13750      0.57%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          327      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          302      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2432744                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          1840     56.91%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead          785     24.28%     81.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          608     18.81%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       878510     77.95%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         8174      0.73%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           74      0.01%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       207432     18.41%     97.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        32802      2.91%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total      1126992                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.393399                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3233                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002869                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4691359                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1461455                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1096241                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses      1130225                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          849                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        50782                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           20                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1356                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles        38893                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles         65617                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles          973                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1217265                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           68                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       229376                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        33338                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           82                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents          470                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           24                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           20                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10547                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7218                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts        17765                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1112127                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       204259                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        14865                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs             237042                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches         169329                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores            32783                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.388210                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent              1096618                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count             1096241                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers          665829                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers         1419909                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.382665                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.468924                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts       868824                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps       970660                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts       246663                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          153                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts        16550                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2393851                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.405481                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.271495                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2035246     85.02%     85.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       139201      5.81%     90.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        91067      3.80%     94.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        27976      1.17%     95.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        48567      2.03%     97.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         8883      0.37%     98.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         5814      0.24%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4946      0.21%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        32151      1.34%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2393851                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts       868824                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps       970660                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs               210574                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads              178592                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars                76                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches           149743                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts          845741                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls        11346                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events        32151                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads            3579010                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes           2473578                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                 48015                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles                432009                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts            868824                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps              970660                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total       868824                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     3.297277                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               3.297277                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.303281                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.303281                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads        5180276                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes       1421728                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads       1314025                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes          152                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles                2864753                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups         246359                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted       205332                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        24134                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        94011                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits          88221                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS          26067                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1110                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2134879                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts              1350349                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches            246359                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches       114288                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles              280580                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles         68209                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles       215761                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           17                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines          134294                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes        23017                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples      2675105                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.620879                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.984188                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0        2394525     89.51%     89.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1          17073      0.64%     90.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2          21083      0.79%     90.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3          34355      1.28%     92.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4          14147      0.53%     92.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5          18768      0.70%     93.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6          21416      0.80%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7          10216      0.38%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8         143522      5.37%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total      2675105                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.085997                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.471367                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles        2122275                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles       229791                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles          279164                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles          170                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles        43702                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved        37173                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          166                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts      1650183                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts          994                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles        43702                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles        2124883                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles          6699                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles       216658                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles          276690                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles         6466                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts      1639313                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents          901                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents         4396                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands      2290004                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups      7618111                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups      7618111                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps      1879488                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps         410516                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts          382                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts          195                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts           23291                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads       154753                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores        79120                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads          854                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores        18043                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded          1598231                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          383                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued         1521734                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1807                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       216370                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       454026                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            7                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2675105                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.568850                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.295153                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2031931     75.96%     75.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       292225     10.92%     86.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       120092      4.49%     91.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        67565      2.53%     93.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        90735      3.39%     97.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        28759      1.08%     98.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        27882      1.04%     99.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        14725      0.55%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1191      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2675105                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         10480     78.80%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1450     10.90%     89.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1369     10.29%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1282649     84.29%     84.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20581      1.35%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          187      0.01%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       139525      9.17%     94.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        78792      5.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total      1521734                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.531192                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt             13299                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008739                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5733679                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1814992                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1479351                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses      1535033                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1017                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        32609                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            8                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1439                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles        43702                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles          5082                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles          687                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1598616                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1107                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       154753                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        79120                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          195                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents          606                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            8                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        13559                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14114                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts        27673                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1493188                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       136738                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        28546                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   2                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs             215510                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches         210430                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores            78772                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.521227                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent              1479367                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count             1479351                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers          886271                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers         2381727                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.516397                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.372113                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1093251                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps      1347235                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts       251389                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          376                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts        24170                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2631403                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.511984                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.328666                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2060353     78.30%     78.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       289868     11.02%     89.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       105242      4.00%     93.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        52141      1.98%     95.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        47497      1.81%     97.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        20145      0.77%     97.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        20010      0.76%     98.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9489      0.36%     98.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26658      1.01%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2631403                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts      1093251                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps      1347235                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs               199825                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads              122144                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars               188                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches           195217                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts         1213047                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls        27836                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events        26658                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads            4203369                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes           3240951                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                 34422                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles                189648                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts           1093251                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps             1347235                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total      1093251                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.620398                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.620398                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.381621                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.381621                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads        6715786                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes       2069625                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads       1523515                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes          376                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles                2864753                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups         211216                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted       172833                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22426                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        87605                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits          80476                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21424                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1036                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2018875                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts              1205690                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches            211216                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches       101900                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles              263649                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles         64525                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles       210763                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines          125961                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22167                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples      2535010                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.582430                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.921229                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0        2271361     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1          27989      1.10%     90.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2          32352      1.28%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3          17922      0.71%     92.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4          20265      0.80%     93.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5          11817      0.47%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6           7848      0.31%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7          20874      0.82%     95.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8         124582      4.91%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total      2535010                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.073729                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.420870                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles        2002199                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles       228095                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles          261304                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles         2082                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles        41326                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved        34424                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          398                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts      1471278                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         2162                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles        41326                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles        2005739                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles         18058                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles       200962                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles          259854                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles         9067                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts      1468986                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents            8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents         2021                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents         4421                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands      2042947                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups      6837805                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups      6837805                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps      1712274                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps         330612                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts          392                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts          225                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts           26426                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads       141201                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores        75801                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1877                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores        15887                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded          1464968                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          394                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued         1375185                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1988                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       201463                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       471620                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           56                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2535010                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.542477                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.236957                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1956464     77.18%     77.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       232076      9.15%     86.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       125233      4.94%     91.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        86560      3.41%     94.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        75591      2.98%     97.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        39033      1.54%     99.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         9430      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6130      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4493      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2535010                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           348     11.40%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1341     43.94%     55.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1363     44.66%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1151169     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21433      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          166      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       127350      9.26%     94.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        75067      5.46%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total      1375185                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.480036                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3052                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002219                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5290420                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1666866                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1350259                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses      1378237                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3373                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        27672                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           42                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2335                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           84                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles        41326                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles         13209                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1222                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1465369                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           16                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       141201                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        75801                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          226                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents          851                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           42                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12242                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13074                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts        25316                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1353313                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       119205                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        21872                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs             194230                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches         188694                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores            75025                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.472401                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent              1350350                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count             1350259                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers          803091                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers         2103922                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.471335                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.381711                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1005416                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps      1233557                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts       231767                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          337                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts        22376                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2493684                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.494673                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.309492                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1989557     79.78%     79.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       233925      9.38%     89.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        98010      3.93%     93.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        58873      2.36%     95.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        40388      1.62%     97.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        26536      1.06%     98.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13788      0.55%     98.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10823      0.43%     99.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        21784      0.87%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2493684                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts      1005416                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps      1233557                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs               186972                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads              113515                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars               168                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches           176506                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts         1112139                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls        25098                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events        21784                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads            3937211                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes           2972043                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                 32937                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles                329743                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts           1005416                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps             1233557                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total      1005416                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.849321                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.849321                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.350961                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.350961                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads        6102679                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes       1876146                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads       1371483                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes          336                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles                2864753                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups         222067                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted       181784                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        23454                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        90136                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits          85083                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS          22407                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1086                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2131739                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts              1242999                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches            222067                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches       107490                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles              257971                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles         64981                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles       127796                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.MiscStallCycles          624                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines          131958                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes        23303                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples      2559377                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.596501                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.934737                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0        2301406     89.92%     89.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1          11829      0.46%     90.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2          18668      0.73%     91.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3          25109      0.98%     92.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4          26610      1.04%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5          22514      0.88%     94.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6          11909      0.47%     94.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7          18942      0.74%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8         122390      4.78%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total      2559377                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.077517                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.433894                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles        2110618                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles       149990                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles          257349                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles          386                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles        41027                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved        36280                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          209                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts      1523319                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1276                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles        41027                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles        2116761                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles         19959                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles       116421                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles          251604                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles        13596                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts      1522071                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents            2                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents         1811                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents         5988                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands      2124538                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups      7076711                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups      7076711                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps      1808526                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps         316012                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts          366                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts          188                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts           42332                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads       143224                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores        76438                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads          855                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores        17076                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded          1519154                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          368                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued         1432304                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          425                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       186835                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       452843                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            7                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2559377                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.559630                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.254108                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1954697     76.37%     76.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       247396      9.67%     86.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       125844      4.92%     90.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        95864      3.75%     94.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        75307      2.94%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        29899      1.17%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        19060      0.74%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9935      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1375      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2559377                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           298     11.84%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead          922     36.65%     48.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1296     51.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1205183     84.14%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21280      1.49%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          178      0.01%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       129657      9.05%     94.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        76006      5.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total      1432304                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.499975                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2516                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001757                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5426926                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1706371                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1408750                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses      1434820                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2828                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        25618                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           15                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1576                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles        41027                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles         16808                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1224                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1519526                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           22                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       143224                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        76438                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          188                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1037                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           15                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12837                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13849                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts        26686                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1410943                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       121929                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        21361                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs             197910                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches         199957                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores            75981                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.492518                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent              1408829                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count             1408750                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers          809570                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers         2181813                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.491753                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.371054                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1054512                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps      1297651                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts       221884                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          361                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts        23526                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2518350                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.515278                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.361088                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1986164     78.87%     78.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       263572     10.47%     89.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       100022      3.97%     93.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        47305      1.88%     95.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        39514      1.57%     96.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        23221      0.92%     97.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        20710      0.82%     98.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9037      0.36%     98.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        28805      1.14%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2518350                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts      1054512                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps      1297651                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs               192468                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads              117606                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars               180                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches           187060                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts         1169246                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls        26739                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events        28805                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads            4009067                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes           3080105                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                 34108                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles                305376                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts           1054512                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps             1297651                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total      1054512                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.716662                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.716662                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.368099                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.368099                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads        6348032                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes       1964030                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads       1411670                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes          360                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles                2864753                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups         210017                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted       171840                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22309                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        87124                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits          80018                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21299                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1033                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2007404                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts              1198873                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches            210017                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches       101317                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles              262153                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles         64198                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles       222470                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines          125256                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22049                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples      2533542                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.579472                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.916805                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0        2271389     89.65%     89.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1          27837      1.10%     90.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2          32159      1.27%     92.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3          17819      0.70%     92.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4          20140      0.79%     93.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5          11758      0.46%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6           7806      0.31%     94.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7          20754      0.82%     95.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8         123880      4.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total      2533542                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.073311                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.418491                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles        1990800                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles       239728                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles          259817                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles         2074                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles        41119                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved        34239                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          397                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts      1462946                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         2154                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles        41119                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles        1994327                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles         18766                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles       211942                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles          258372                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles         9012                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts      1460657                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents            8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents         2010                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents         4387                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands      2031421                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups      6798962                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups      6798962                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps      1702450                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps         328930                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts          391                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts          224                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts           26299                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads       140376                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores        75369                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1862                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores        15790                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded          1456624                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          393                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued         1367258                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1978                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       200458                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       469411                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           56                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2533542                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.539663                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.234353                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1958318     77.30%     77.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       230774      9.11%     86.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       124476      4.91%     91.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        86069      3.40%     94.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        75162      2.97%     97.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        38806      1.53%     99.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         9379      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6091      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4467      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2533542                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           347     11.43%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1332     43.86%     55.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1358     44.72%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1144582     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21293      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          166      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       126580      9.26%     94.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        74637      5.46%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total      1367258                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.477269                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3037                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002221                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5273071                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1657516                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1342490                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses      1370295                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3359                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        27541                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           42                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2335                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           83                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles        41119                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles         13951                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1216                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1457024                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           16                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       140376                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        75369                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          225                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents          846                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           42                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12177                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13005                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts        25182                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1345527                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       118498                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        21729                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs             193093                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches         187607                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores            74595                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.469683                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent              1342581                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count             1342490                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers          798457                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers         2091747                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.468623                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.381718                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts       999606                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps      1226411                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts       230621                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          337                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts        22258                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2492423                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.492056                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.306502                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1991194     79.89%     79.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       232629      9.33%     89.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        97395      3.91%     93.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        58525      2.35%     95.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        40173      1.61%     97.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        26382      1.06%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13709      0.55%     98.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10767      0.43%     99.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        21649      0.87%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2492423                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts       999606                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps      1226411                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs               185869                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads              112835                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars               168                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches           175474                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts         1105703                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls        24954                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events        21649                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads            3927793                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes           2955207                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                 32772                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles                331211                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts            999606                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps             1226411                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total       999606                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.865882                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.865882                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.348933                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.348933                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads        6067515                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes       1865404                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads       1363708                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes          336                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles                2864753                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups         246016                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted       205039                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        24105                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        93893                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits          88104                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS          26036                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1110                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2132226                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts              1348460                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches            246016                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches       114140                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles              280189                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles         68113                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles       219166                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           17                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines          134129                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22990                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples      2675399                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.619943                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.982819                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0        2395210     89.53%     89.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1          17041      0.64%     90.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2          21051      0.79%     90.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3          34317      1.28%     92.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4          14133      0.53%     92.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5          18743      0.70%     93.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6          21389      0.80%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7          10201      0.38%     94.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8         143314      5.36%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total      2675399                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.085877                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.470707                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles        2119637                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles       233175                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles          278780                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles          169                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles        43635                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved        37125                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          166                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts      1647893                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts          994                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles        43635                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles        2122241                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles          6659                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles       220101                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles          276312                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles         6444                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts      1637040                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents          893                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents         4384                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands      2286810                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups      7607543                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups      7607543                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps      1877025                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps         409778                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts          382                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts          195                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts           23209                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads       154535                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores        79015                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads          852                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores        18025                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded          1596027                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          383                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued         1519703                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1807                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       215930                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       453038                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            7                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2675399                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.568029                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.294404                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2033092     75.99%     75.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       291844     10.91%     86.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       119890      4.48%     91.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        67488      2.52%     93.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        90629      3.39%     97.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        28720      1.07%     98.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        27844      1.04%     99.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        14701      0.55%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1191      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2675399                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         10465     78.78%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1450     10.92%     89.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1369     10.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1280950     84.29%     84.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20561      1.35%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          187      0.01%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       139318      9.17%     94.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        78687      5.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total      1519703                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.530483                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt             13284                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008741                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5729896                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1812348                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1477380                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses      1532987                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1010                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        32558                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            8                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1435                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles        43635                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles          5058                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles          679                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1596412                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1107                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       154535                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        79015                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          195                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents          598                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            8                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        13550                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14089                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts        27639                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1491193                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       136539                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        28510                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   2                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs             215206                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches         210143                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores            78667                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.520531                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent              1477396                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count             1477380                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers          885056                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers         2378411                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.515709                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.372121                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1091810                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps      1345464                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts       250945                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          376                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts        24141                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2631764                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.511240                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.327812                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2061456     78.33%     78.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       289496     11.00%     89.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       105094      3.99%     93.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        52077      1.98%     95.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        47438      1.80%     97.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        20124      0.76%     97.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19988      0.76%     98.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9479      0.36%     98.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26612      1.01%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2631764                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts      1091810                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps      1345464                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs               199552                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads              121976                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars               188                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches           194948                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts         1211474                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls        27806                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events        26612                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads            4201561                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes           3236465                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                 34377                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles                189354                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts           1091810                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps             1345464                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total      1091810                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.623857                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.623857                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.381118                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.381118                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads        6706854                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes       2066854                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads       1521394                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes          376                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles                2864753                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups         194411                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted       174645                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16958                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       131590                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits         127840                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10588                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          510                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2058001                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts              1107104                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches            194411                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches       138428                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles              245970                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles         56589                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles        84267                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines          125860                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16422                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples      2427766                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.508465                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.742648                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0        2181796     89.87%     89.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1          38081      1.57%     91.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2          18417      0.76%     92.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3          37792      1.56%     93.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4          10682      0.44%     94.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5          35350      1.46%     95.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6           5058      0.21%     95.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7           8402      0.35%     96.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8          92188      3.80%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total      2427766                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.067863                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.386457                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles        2035727                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles       107316                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles          245316                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles          256                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles        39148                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved        17208                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          380                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts      1229752                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1679                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles        39148                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles        2038603                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles         69215                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles        29944                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles          242490                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles         8363                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts      1226814                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents         1015                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents         6577                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands      1600002                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups      5546191                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups      5546191                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps      1259470                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps         340506                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts          160                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts           87                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts           18965                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads       229601                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores        33342                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads          314                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores         7399                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded          1218467                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          162                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued         1127650                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1340                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       245570                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       520965                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            9                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2427766                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.464481                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.075250                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1933634     79.65%     79.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       150837      6.21%     85.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       171381      7.06%     92.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        96307      3.97%     96.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        48391      1.99%     98.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        12688      0.52%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        13881      0.57%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          336      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          311      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2427766                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          1874     57.20%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead          797     24.33%     81.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          605     18.47%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       879157     77.96%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         8185      0.73%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           74      0.01%     78.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       207469     18.40%     97.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        32765      2.91%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total      1127650                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.393629                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3276                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002905                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4687682                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1464223                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1096608                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses      1130926                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          856                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        51012                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           26                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1360                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles        39148                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles         59469                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles          961                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1218633                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          159                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       229601                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        33342                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           86                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents          444                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           27                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           26                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10574                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7294                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts        17868                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1112456                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       204177                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        15194                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs             236919                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches         169547                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores            32742                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.388325                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent              1097041                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count             1096608                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers          665866                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers         1420254                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.382793                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.468836                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts       868790                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps       970626                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts       248045                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          153                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts        16663                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2388618                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.406355                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.273510                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2030635     85.01%     85.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       138476      5.80%     90.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        91086      3.81%     94.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        27942      1.17%     95.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        48673      2.04%     97.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         8816      0.37%     98.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         5809      0.24%     98.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4922      0.21%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        32259      1.35%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2388618                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts       868790                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps       970626                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs               210564                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads              178582                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars                76                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches           149738                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts          845712                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls        11346                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events        32259                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads            3575017                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes           2476545                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                 48099                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles                436987                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts            868790                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps              970626                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total       868790                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     3.297406                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               3.297406                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.303269                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.303269                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads        5181026                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes       1422546                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads       1315490                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes          152                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles                2864753                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups         164420                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted       134096                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        17504                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        67171                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits          62413                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS          16403                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          774                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1587988                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts               972137                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches            164420                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches        78816                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles              199218                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles         55255                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles       144477                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines           99348                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes        17504                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples      1968792                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.600385                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.955387                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0        1769574     89.88%     89.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1          10384      0.53%     90.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2          16678      0.85%     91.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3          25136      1.28%     92.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4          10411      0.53%     93.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5          12163      0.62%     93.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6          13013      0.66%     94.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7           9115      0.46%     94.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8         102318      5.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total      1968792                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.057394                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.339344                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles        1567210                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles       165888                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles          197615                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles         1266                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles        36812                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved        26623                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          299                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts      1178268                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1079                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles        36812                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles        1571320                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles         60705                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles        92182                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles          194873                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles        12891                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts      1175586                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents          577                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents         2545                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents         6392                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1033                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands      1608185                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups      5479991                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups      5479991                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps      1318220                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps         289960                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts          256                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts          136                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts           36849                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads       119404                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores        65650                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3234                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores        12704                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded          1171612                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          258                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued         1090737                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1907                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       183974                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       428542                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           14                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      1968792                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.554013                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.240263                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1503002     76.34%     76.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       189546      9.63%     85.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       104405      5.30%     91.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        68669      3.49%     94.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        62213      3.16%     97.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        19217      0.98%     98.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        13822      0.70%     99.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         4839      0.25%     99.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3079      0.16%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      1968792                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           293     11.26%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1104     42.45%     53.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1204     46.29%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       898137     82.34%     82.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20086      1.84%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          120      0.01%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       108075      9.91%     94.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        64319      5.90%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total      1090737                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.380744                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2601                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002385                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4154774                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1355905                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1070326                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses      1093338                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5227                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        25909                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           63                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         4424                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          859                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles        36812                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles         49040                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1552                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1171870                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           30                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       119404                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        65650                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          136                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents          845                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           50                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           63                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         9329                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        10963                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts        20292                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1074489                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       102334                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        16248                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs             166534                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches         145611                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores            64200                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.375072                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent              1070423                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count             1070326                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers          634021                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers         1608653                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.373619                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.394132                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts       790323                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps       963719                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts       208871                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          244                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts        17803                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      1931980                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.498825                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.345121                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1541239     79.78%     79.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       186195      9.64%     89.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        77174      3.99%     93.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        39544      2.05%     95.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        29460      1.52%     96.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        16881      0.87%     97.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        10484      0.54%     98.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8629      0.45%     98.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        22374      1.16%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      1931980                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts       790323                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps       963719                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs               154718                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads               93492                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars               122                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches           133718                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts          871422                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls        18803                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events        22374                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads            3082196                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes           2382005                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                 28583                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles                895961                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts            790323                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps              963719                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total       790323                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     3.624788                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               3.624788                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.275878                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.275878                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads        4877503                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes       1462518                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads       1116273                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes          244                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles                2864749                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups         222611                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted       182257                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        23443                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        90703                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits          85289                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS          22456                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1098                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2128845                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts              1244675                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches            222611                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches       107745                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles              258400                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles         65096                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles       124681                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines          131852                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes        23305                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples      2553282                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598961                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.938198                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0        2294882     89.88%     89.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1          11851      0.46%     90.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2          18683      0.73%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3          24999      0.98%     92.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4          26608      1.04%     93.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5          22710      0.89%     93.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6          12291      0.48%     94.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7          18690      0.73%     95.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8         122568      4.80%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total      2553282                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.077707                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.434480                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles        2106870                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles       147121                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles          257778                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles          363                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles        41143                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved        36337                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          213                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts      1525842                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1312                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles        41143                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles        2113213                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles         18965                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles       114195                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles          251793                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles        13964                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts      1524358                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents            4                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents         1827                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents         6155                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands      2126072                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups      7087807                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups      7087807                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps      1809153                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps         316919                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts          368                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts          190                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts           42914                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads       143874                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores        76386                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads          875                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores        19354                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded          1521431                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          369                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued         1433431                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          313                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       189151                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       457732                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2553282                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.561407                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.256023                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1947204     76.26%     76.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       249403      9.77%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       126154      4.94%     90.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        94463      3.70%     94.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        75235      2.95%     97.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        30329      1.19%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        19040      0.75%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        10126      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1328      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2553282                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           301     11.79%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead          944     36.99%     48.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1307     51.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1206265     84.15%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21265      1.48%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          178      0.01%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       129715      9.05%     94.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        76008      5.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total      1433431                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.500369                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2552                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001780                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5423009                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1710968                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1410327                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses      1435983                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3023                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        26222                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           18                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1506                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles        41143                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles         15887                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1233                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1521804                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          110                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       143874                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        76386                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          189                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1047                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           18                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12753                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13909                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts        26662                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1412580                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       122129                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20851                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs             198122                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches         200032                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores            75993                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.493090                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent              1410406                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count             1410327                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers          810324                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers         2186096                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.492304                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.370672                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1054864                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps      1298086                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts       223726                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          361                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts        23511                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2512139                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.516725                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.361182                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1978739     78.77%     78.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       264790     10.54%     89.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        99559      3.96%     93.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        47625      1.90%     95.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        40419      1.61%     96.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        23132      0.92%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        20063      0.80%     98.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8907      0.35%     98.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        28905      1.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2512139                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts      1054864                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps      1298086                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs               192532                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads              117652                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars               180                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches           187134                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts         1169623                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls        26744                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events        28905                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads            4005033                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes           3084774                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                 34127                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles                311467                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts           1054864                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps             1298086                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total      1054864                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.715752                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.715752                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.368222                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.368222                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads        6356317                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes       1965431                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads       1413484                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes          360                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles                2862189                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups         164365                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted       133967                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        17583                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        67234                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits          62389                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS          16330                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          777                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1587751                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts               970945                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches            164365                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches        78719                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles              198998                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles         55231                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles       143603                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines           99367                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes        17581                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples      1967362                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.599973                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.954636                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0        1768364     89.89%     89.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1          10442      0.53%     90.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2          16624      0.84%     91.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3          25025      1.27%     92.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4          10507      0.53%     93.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5          12212      0.62%     93.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6          12981      0.66%     94.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7           9030      0.46%     94.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8         102177      5.19%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total      1967362                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.057426                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.339232                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles        1567066                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles       164965                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles          197332                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles         1284                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles        36714                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved        26684                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          298                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts      1176427                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1079                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles        36714                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles        1571203                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles         60669                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles        91019                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles          194530                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles        13218                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts      1173413                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents          878                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents         2653                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents         6524                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1113                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands      1605719                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups      5468456                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups      5468456                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps      1316686                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps         288820                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts          250                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts          130                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts           37705                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads       118926                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores        65521                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3287                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores        12612                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded          1169265                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          250                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued         1089558                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1988                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       182278                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       421262                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           10                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      1967362                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.553817                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.239168                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1501424     76.32%     76.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       189709      9.64%     85.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       104903      5.33%     91.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        68713      3.49%     94.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        61931      3.15%     97.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        18924      0.96%     98.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        13844      0.70%     99.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         4816      0.24%     99.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3098      0.16%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      1967362                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           320     12.19%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1099     41.87%     54.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1206     45.94%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       897505     82.37%     82.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20026      1.84%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          120      0.01%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       107709      9.89%     94.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        64198      5.89%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total      1089558                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.380673                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2625                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002409                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4151091                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1351857                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1069258                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses      1092183                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5345                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        25642                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           66                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         4464                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          854                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles        36714                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles         47879                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1552                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1169515                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           32                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       118926                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        65521                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          130                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents          847                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           57                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           66                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         9335                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        11061                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts        20396                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1073296                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       102045                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        16262                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs             166121                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches         145791                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores            64076                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.374991                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent              1069343                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count             1069258                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers          633422                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers         1606379                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.373581                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.394317                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts       789125                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps       962340                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts       207772                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          240                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts        17879                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      1930648                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.498454                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.344610                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1540296     79.78%     79.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       186082      9.64%     89.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        77213      4.00%     93.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        39435      2.04%     95.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        29377      1.52%     96.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        16807      0.87%     97.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        10478      0.54%     98.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8564      0.44%     98.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        22396      1.16%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      1930648                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts       789125                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps       962340                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs               154318                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads               93266                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars               120                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches           133599                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts          870127                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls        18788                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events        22396                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads            3078364                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes           2377135                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                 28720                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles                894827                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts            789125                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps              962340                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total       789125                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     3.627041                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               3.627041                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.275707                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.275707                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads        4871356                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes       1461617                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads       1114782                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes          240                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles                2864753                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups         194583                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted       174817                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16969                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       131763                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits         128013                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10588                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          510                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2060198                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts              1108118                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches            194583                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches       138601                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles              246205                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles         56630                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles        82778                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines          125987                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16430                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples      2428739                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.508679                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.742913                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0        2182534     89.86%     89.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1          38136      1.57%     91.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2          18424      0.76%     92.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3          37846      1.56%     93.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4          10682      0.44%     94.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5          35404      1.46%     95.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6           5062      0.21%     95.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7           8401      0.35%     96.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8          92250      3.80%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total      2428739                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.067923                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.386811                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles        2037900                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles       105852                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles          245549                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles          257                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles        39178                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved        17208                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          380                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts      1230756                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1679                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles        39178                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles        2040774                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles         73838                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles        23846                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles          242722                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles         8378                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts      1227827                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents         1019                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents         6585                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands      1601202                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups      5550583                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups      5550583                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps      1260441                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps         340735                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts          160                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts           87                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts           18988                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads       229897                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores        33342                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads          315                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores         7399                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded          1219477                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          162                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued         1128600                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1342                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       245768                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       521368                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            9                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2428739                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.464686                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.075346                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1934169     79.64%     79.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       150904      6.21%     85.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       171634      7.07%     92.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        96403      3.97%     96.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        48410      1.99%     98.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        12691      0.52%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        13883      0.57%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          334      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          311      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2428739                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          1873     57.17%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead          798     24.36%     81.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          605     18.47%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       879829     77.96%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         8185      0.73%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           74      0.01%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       207747     18.41%     97.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        32765      2.90%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total      1128600                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.393961                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3276                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002903                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4690557                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1465431                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1097532                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses      1131876                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          856                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        51066                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           26                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1360                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles        39178                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles         64082                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles          961                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1219643                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          160                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       229897                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        33342                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           86                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents          444                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           28                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           26                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10585                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7294                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts        17879                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1113395                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       204447                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        15205                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs             237189                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches         169704                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores            32742                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.388653                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent              1097964                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count             1097532                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers          666460                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers         1421066                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.383116                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.468986                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts       869611                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps       971447                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts       248242                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          153                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts        16674                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2389561                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.406538                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.273851                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2031323     85.01%     85.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       138543      5.80%     90.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        91164      3.82%     94.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        27957      1.17%     95.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        48725      2.04%     97.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         8817      0.37%     98.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         5807      0.24%     98.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4922      0.21%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        32303      1.35%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2389561                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts       869611                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps       971447                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs               210810                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads              178828                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars                76                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches           149874                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts          846397                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls        11346                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events        32303                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads            3576934                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes           2478602                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                 48154                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles                436014                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts            869611                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps              971447                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total       869611                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     3.294293                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               3.294293                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.303555                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.303555                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads        5185576                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes       1423636                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads       1316755                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes          152                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                          203                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2046.847192                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                         136049                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                         2251                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                        60.439360                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks          92.946559                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    23.137669                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   101.198080                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data        1829.564884                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.045384                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.011298                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.049413                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.893342                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.999437                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          395                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                   396                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks            211                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total                 211                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data          398                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                    399                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data          398                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                   399                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          179                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total                 203                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data          179                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                  203                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           24                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data          179                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total                 203                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     42769029                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    166112824                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     208881853                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     42769029                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    166112824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total      208881853                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     42769029                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    166112824                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total     208881853                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          574                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total               599                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          211                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total             211                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total                602                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           25                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total               602                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.311847                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.338898                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.310225                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.337209                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.310225                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.337209                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1782042.875000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 928004.603352                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1028974.645320                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1782042.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 928004.603352                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1028974.645320                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1782042.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 928004.603352                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1028974.645320                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks                109                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                     109                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          179                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            203                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          179                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total             203                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          179                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total            203                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     40661829                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    150393467                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    191055296                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     40661829                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    150393467                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    191055296                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     40661829                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    150393467                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    191055296                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.311847                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.338898                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.310225                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.337209                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.310225                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.337209                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1694242.875000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 840186.966480                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 941159.093596                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1694242.875000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 840186.966480                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 941159.093596                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1694242.875000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 840186.966480                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 941159.093596                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                          239                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2047.697839                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                          52167                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                         2287                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                        22.810232                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks          33.220577                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    24.627527                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   113.531740                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data        1876.317994                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.016221                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.012025                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.055435                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.916171                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.999852                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          355                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                   356                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks             53                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total                  53                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data          358                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                    359                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data          358                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                   359                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          212                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total                 239                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data          212                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                  239                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data          212                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total                 239                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     61926734                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    187664307                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     249591041                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     61926734                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    187664307                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total      249591041                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     61926734                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    187664307                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total     249591041                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          567                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total               595                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           53                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total              53                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          570                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total                598                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          570                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total               598                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.373898                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.401681                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.371930                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.399666                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.371930                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.399666                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2293582.740741                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 885208.995283                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1044313.979079                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2293582.740741                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 885208.995283                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1044313.979079                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2293582.740741                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 885208.995283                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1044313.979079                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks                 35                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                      35                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          212                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            239                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          212                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total             239                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          212                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total            239                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     59555435                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    169048469                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    228603904                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     59555435                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    169048469                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    228603904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     59555435                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    169048469                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    228603904                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.373898                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.401681                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.371930                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.399666                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.371930                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.399666                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2205756.851852                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 797398.438679                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 956501.690377                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2205756.851852                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 797398.438679                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 956501.690377                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2205756.851852                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 797398.438679                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 956501.690377                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                          557                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                     2044.330352                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                          87070                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                         2603                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                        33.449866                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks         130.722728                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    11.899110                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   243.148344                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst                  1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data        1657.560170                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.063829                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.005810                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.118725                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.inst          0.000488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.809356                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total               0.998208                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          351                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                   351                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks            398                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total                 398                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data          351                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                    351                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data          351                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                   351                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          501                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total                 514                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           40                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_misses::total                40                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data          541                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                  554                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data          541                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total                 554                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     11454426                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    517181752                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     528636178                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     36536437                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     36536437                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     11454426                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    553718189                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total      565172615                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     11454426                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    553718189                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total     565172615                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          852                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total               865                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          398                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total             398                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           40                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total              40                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          892                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total                905                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          892                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total               905                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.588028                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.594220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.606502                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.612155                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.606502                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.612155                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 881109.692308                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 1032298.906188                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1028475.054475                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 913410.925000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 913410.925000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 881109.692308                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 1023508.667283                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1020167.175090                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 881109.692308                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 1023508.667283                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1020167.175090                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks                303                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                     303                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            514                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           40                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          541                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total             554                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          541                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total            554                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     10313026                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    473193952                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    483506978                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     33024437                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     33024437                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     10313026                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    506218389                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    516531415                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     10313026                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    506218389                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    516531415                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.588028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.594220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.606502                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.612155                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.606502                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.612155                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 793309.692308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 944498.906188                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 940675.054475                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 825610.925000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 825610.925000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 793309.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 935708.667283                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 932367.175090                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 793309.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 935708.667283                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 932367.175090                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                          203                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2046.847434                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         136049                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                         2251                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                        60.439360                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks          92.943157                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    23.142069                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   101.322351                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data        1829.439858                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.045382                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.011300                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.049474                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.893281                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.999437                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          395                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                   396                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks            211                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total                 211                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data          398                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                    399                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data          398                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                   399                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          179                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total                 203                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data          179                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                  203                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           24                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data          179                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total                 203                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     45952847                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    168538990                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     214491837                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     45952847                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    168538990                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total      214491837                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     45952847                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    168538990                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total     214491837                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          574                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total               599                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          211                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total             211                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total                602                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           25                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total               602                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.311847                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.338898                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.310225                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.337209                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.310225                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.337209                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1914701.958333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 941558.603352                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1056610.034483                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1914701.958333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 941558.603352                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1056610.034483                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1914701.958333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 941558.603352                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1056610.034483                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks                109                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                     109                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          179                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            203                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          179                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total             203                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          179                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total            203                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     43845647                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    152819668                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    196665315                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     43845647                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    152819668                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    196665315                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     43845647                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    152819668                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    196665315                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.311847                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.338898                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.310225                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.337209                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.310225                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.337209                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1826901.958333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 853741.162011                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 968794.655172                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1826901.958333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 853741.162011                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 968794.655172                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1826901.958333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 853741.162011                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 968794.655172                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                          365                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2047.954375                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         113837                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                         2413                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                        47.176544                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks           4.530840                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    22.996862                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   188.216318                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data        1832.210355                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002212                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.011229                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.091902                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.894634                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.999978                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          474                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                   475                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks            141                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total                 141                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data          477                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                    478                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data          477                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                   478                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          336                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total                 365                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data          336                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                  365                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data          336                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total                 365                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     60988907                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    316216106                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     377205013                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     60988907                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    316216106                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total      377205013                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     60988907                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    316216106                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total     377205013                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          810                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total               840                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          141                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total             141                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          813                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total                843                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           30                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          813                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total               843                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.414815                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.434524                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.413284                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.432977                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.413284                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.432977                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2103065.758621                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 941119.363095                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1033438.391781                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2103065.758621                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 941119.363095                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1033438.391781                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2103065.758621                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 941119.363095                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1033438.391781                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks                 69                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                      69                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          336                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            365                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          336                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total             365                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          336                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total            365                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     58442536                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    286711327                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    345153863                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     58442536                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    286711327                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    345153863                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     58442536                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    286711327                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    345153863                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.414815                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.434524                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.413284                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.432977                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.413284                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.432977                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2015259.862069                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 853307.520833                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 945627.021918                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2015259.862069                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 853307.520833                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 945627.021918                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2015259.862069                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 853307.520833                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 945627.021918                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                          240                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2047.713693                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                          52165                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                         2288                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                        22.799388                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks          33.242087                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    24.203342                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   113.338832                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data        1876.929432                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.016231                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.011818                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.055341                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.916469                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.999860                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          354                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                   355                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks             52                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total                  52                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data          357                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                    358                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data          357                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                   358                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          213                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total                 240                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data          213                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                  240                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data          213                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total                 240                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     46528113                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    192348527                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     238876640                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     46528113                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    192348527                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total      238876640                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     46528113                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    192348527                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total     238876640                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          567                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total               595                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           52                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total              52                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          570                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total                598                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          570                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total               598                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.375661                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.403361                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.373684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.401338                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.373684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.401338                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1723263.444444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 903044.727700                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 995319.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1723263.444444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 903044.727700                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 995319.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1723263.444444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 903044.727700                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 995319.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks                 35                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                      35                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          213                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            240                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          213                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total             240                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          213                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total            240                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     44157513                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    173647127                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    217804640                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     44157513                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    173647127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    217804640                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     44157513                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    173647127                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    217804640                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.375661                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.403361                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.373684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.401338                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.373684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.401338                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1635463.444444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 815244.727700                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 907519.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1635463.444444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 815244.727700                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 907519.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1635463.444444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 815244.727700                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 907519.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                          117                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                         132606                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                         2165                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                        61.249885                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks          42.778775                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    10.773168                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data    50.745970                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data        1943.702087                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.020888                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.005260                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.024778                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.949073                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          291                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                   291                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks             93                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total                  93                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data          291                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                    291                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data          291                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                   291                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          104                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total                 115                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data          104                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                  115                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           11                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data          104                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total                 115                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     10004901                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     84576794                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      94581695                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     10004901                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     84576794                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total       94581695                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     10004901                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     84576794                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total      94581695                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          395                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total               406                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           93                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total              93                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          395                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total                406                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           11                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          395                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total               406                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.263291                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.283251                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.263291                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.283251                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.263291                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.283251                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 909536.454545                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 813238.403846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 822449.521739                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 909536.454545                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 813238.403846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 822449.521739                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 909536.454545                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 813238.403846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 822449.521739                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks                 49                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                      49                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          104                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          104                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total             115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          104                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total            115                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      9039101                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     75438948                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     84478049                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      9039101                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     75438948                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     84478049                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      9039101                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     75438948                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     84478049                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.263291                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.283251                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.263291                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.283251                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.263291                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.283251                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 821736.454545                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 725374.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 734591.730435                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 821736.454545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 725374.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 734591.730435                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 821736.454545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 725374.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 734591.730435                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                          204                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2046.858814                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                         136053                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                         2252                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                        60.414298                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks          92.925920                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    23.154338                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   101.934373                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data        1828.844182                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.045374                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.011306                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.049773                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.892990                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.999443                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          397                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                   398                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks            213                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total                 213                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data          400                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                    401                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data          400                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                   401                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          181                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total                 205                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data          181                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                  205                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           24                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data          181                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total                 205                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     43161651                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    160024304                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     203185955                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     43161651                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    160024304                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total      203185955                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     43161651                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    160024304                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total     203185955                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          578                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total               603                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          213                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total             213                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          581                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total                606                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           25                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          581                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total               606                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.313149                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.339967                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.311532                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.338284                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.311532                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.338284                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1798402.125000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 884112.176796                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       991151                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1798402.125000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 884112.176796                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       991151                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1798402.125000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 884112.176796                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       991151                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks                110                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                     110                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          181                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            205                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          181                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total             205                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          181                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total            205                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     41053452                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    144218674                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    185272126                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     41053452                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    144218674                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    185272126                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     41053452                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    144218674                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    185272126                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.313149                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.339967                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.311532                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.338284                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.311532                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.338284                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1710560.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 796788.254144                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 903766.468293                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1710560.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 796788.254144                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 903766.468293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1710560.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 796788.254144                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 903766.468293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                          160                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2047.661934                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                         119214                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                         2205                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                        54.065306                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.661934                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    15.100979                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data    63.111395                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data        1939.787626                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014483                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.007374                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.030816                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.947162                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.999835                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          284                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                   285                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks             98                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total                  98                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data          287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                    288                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data          287                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                   288                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          133                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total                 160                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data          133                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                  160                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data          133                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total                 160                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     55130177                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    119401900                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     174532077                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     55130177                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    119401900                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total      174532077                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     55130177                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    119401900                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total     174532077                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          417                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total               445                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           98                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total              98                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          420                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total                448                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          420                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total               448                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.318945                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.359551                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.316667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.357143                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.316667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.357143                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2041858.407407                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 897758.646617                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1090825.481250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2041858.407407                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 897758.646617                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1090825.481250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2041858.407407                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 897758.646617                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1090825.481250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks                 69                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                      69                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          133                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            160                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          133                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total             160                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          133                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total            160                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     52759577                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    107724177                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    160483754                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     52759577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    107724177                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    160483754                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     52759577                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    107724177                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    160483754                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.318945                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.359551                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.316667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.357143                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.316667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.357143                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1954058.407407                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 809956.218045                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1003023.462500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1954058.407407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 809956.218045                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1003023.462500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1954058.407407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 809956.218045                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1003023.462500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                          203                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2046.849516                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                         136049                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                         2251                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                        60.439360                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks          92.942136                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    23.140832                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   101.386003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data        1829.380546                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.045382                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.011299                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.049505                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.893252                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.999438                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          395                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                   396                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks            211                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total                 211                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data          398                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                    399                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data          398                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                   399                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          179                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total                 203                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data          179                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                  203                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           24                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data          179                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total                 203                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     46800105                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    167227401                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     214027506                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     46800105                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    167227401                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total      214027506                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     46800105                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    167227401                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total     214027506                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          574                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total               599                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          211                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total             211                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total                602                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           25                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total               602                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.311847                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.338898                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.310225                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.337209                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.310225                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.337209                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1950004.375000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 934231.290503                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1054322.689655                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1950004.375000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 934231.290503                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1054322.689655                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1950004.375000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 934231.290503                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1054322.689655                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks                109                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                     109                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          179                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            203                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          179                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total             203                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          179                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total            203                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     44683155                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    151435971                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    196119126                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     44683155                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    151435971                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    196119126                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     44683155                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    151435971                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    196119126                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.311847                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.338898                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.310225                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.337209                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.310225                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.337209                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1861798.125000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 846011.011173                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 966104.068966                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1861798.125000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 846011.011173                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 966104.068966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1861798.125000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 846011.011173                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 966104.068966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                          117                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                         132605                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                         2165                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                        61.249423                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks          42.776907                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    10.767291                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data    50.673746                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data        1943.782056                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.020887                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.005257                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.024743                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.949112                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          290                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                   290                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks             93                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total                  93                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data          290                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                    290                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data          290                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                   290                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          104                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total                 115                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data          104                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                  115                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data          104                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total                 115                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     12627219                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     87382094                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     100009313                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     12627219                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     87382094                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total      100009313                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     12627219                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     87382094                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total     100009313                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          394                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total               405                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           93                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total              93                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          394                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total                405                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          394                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total               405                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.263959                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.283951                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.263959                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.283951                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.263959                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.283951                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1147929                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 840212.442308                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 869646.200000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1147929                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 840212.442308                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 869646.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1147929                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 840212.442308                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 869646.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks                 49                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                      49                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          104                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          104                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total             115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          104                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total            115                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     11661419                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     78250894                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     89912313                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     11661419                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     78250894                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     89912313                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     11661419                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     78250894                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     89912313                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.263959                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.283951                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.263959                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.283951                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.263959                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.283951                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1060129                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 752412.442308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 781846.200000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1060129                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 752412.442308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 781846.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1060129                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 752412.442308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 781846.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                          239                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                     2047.693565                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                          52167                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                         2287                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                        22.810232                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks          33.211262                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    24.602778                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   113.070875                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data        1876.808651                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.016216                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.012013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.055210                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.916410                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total               0.999850                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          355                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                   356                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks             53                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total                  53                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data          358                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                    359                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data          358                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                   359                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          212                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total                 239                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data          212                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                  239                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data          212                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total                 239                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     65622257                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    189266327                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     254888584                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     65622257                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    189266327                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total      254888584                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     65622257                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    189266327                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total     254888584                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          567                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total               595                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           53                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total              53                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          570                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total                598                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          570                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total               598                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.373898                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.401681                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.371930                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.399666                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.371930                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.399666                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2430453.962963                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 892765.693396                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1066479.430962                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2430453.962963                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 892765.693396                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1066479.430962                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2430453.962963                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 892765.693396                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1066479.430962                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks                 35                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                      35                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          212                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            239                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          212                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total             239                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          212                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total            239                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     63250905                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    170648624                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    233899529                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     63250905                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    170648624                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    233899529                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     63250905                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    170648624                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    233899529                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.373898                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.401681                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.371930                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.399666                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.371930                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.399666                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2342626.111111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 804946.339623                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 978659.117155                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2342626.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 804946.339623                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 978659.117155                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2342626.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 804946.339623                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 978659.117155                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                          557                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2044.627051                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                          87070                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                         2605                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                        33.424184                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks         130.158460                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    11.890205                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   240.696025                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst                  1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data        1660.882362                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.063554                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.005806                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.117527                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.inst          0.000488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.810978                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.998353                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          350                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                   350                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks            401                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total                 401                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data          350                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                    350                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data          350                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                   350                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          501                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total                 514                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           43                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_misses::total                43                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data          544                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                  557                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data          544                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total                 557                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     11766934                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    507634372                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     519401306                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     41911586                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     41911586                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     11766934                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    549545958                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total      561312892                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     11766934                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    549545958                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total     561312892                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          851                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total               864                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          401                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total             401                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           43                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total              43                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          894                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total                907                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          894                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total               907                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.588719                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.594907                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.608501                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.614112                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.608501                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.614112                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 905148.769231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 1013242.259481                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1010508.377432                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 974688.046512                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 974688.046512                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 905148.769231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 1010194.775735                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1007743.073609                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 905148.769231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 1010194.775735                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1007743.073609                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks                304                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                     304                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            514                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           43                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          544                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total             557                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          544                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total            557                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     10625534                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    463644069                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    474269603                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     38136186                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     38136186                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     10625534                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    501780255                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    512405789                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     10625534                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    501780255                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    512405789                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.588719                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.594907                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.608501                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.614112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.608501                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.614112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 817348.769231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 925437.263473                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 922703.507782                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 886888.046512                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 886888.046512                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 817348.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 922390.174632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 919938.579892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 817348.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 922390.174632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 919938.579892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                          160                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2047.665532                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                         119214                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                         2205                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                        54.065306                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.665532                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    14.954863                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data    63.046094                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data        1939.999043                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014485                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.007302                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.030784                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.947265                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.999837                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          284                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                   285                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks             98                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total                  98                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data          287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                    288                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data          287                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                   288                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          133                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total                 160                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data          133                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                  160                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data          133                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total                 160                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     48051002                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    110154940                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     158205942                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     48051002                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    110154940                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total      158205942                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     48051002                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    110154940                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total     158205942                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          417                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total               445                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           98                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total              98                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          420                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total                448                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          420                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total               448                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.318945                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.359551                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.316667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.357143                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.316667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.357143                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1779666.740741                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 828232.631579                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 988787.137500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1779666.740741                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 828232.631579                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 988787.137500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1779666.740741                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 828232.631579                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 988787.137500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks                 69                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                      69                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          133                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            160                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          133                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total             160                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          133                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total            160                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     45679852                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     98477033                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    144156885                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     45679852                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     98477033                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    144156885                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     45679852                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     98477033                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    144156885                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.318945                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.359551                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.316667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.357143                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.316667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.357143                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1691846.370370                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 740428.819549                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 900980.531250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1691846.370370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 740428.819549                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 900980.531250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1691846.370370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 740428.819549                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 900980.531250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                          544                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2044.212961                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                          87073                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                         2589                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                        33.631904                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks         133.588613                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    11.889356                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   234.199774                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst                  1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data        1663.535218                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.065229                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.005805                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.114355                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.inst          0.000488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.812273                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.998151                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          353                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                   353                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks            398                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total                 398                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data          353                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                    353                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data          353                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                   353                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          490                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total                 503                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           42                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::total                42                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data          532                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                  545                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data          532                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total                 545                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     11634659                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    496456033                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     508090692                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     43037838                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     43037838                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     11634659                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    539493871                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total      551128530                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     11634659                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    539493871                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total     551128530                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          843                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total               856                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          398                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total             398                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           42                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total              42                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          885                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total                898                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          885                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total               898                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.581257                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.587617                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.601130                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.606904                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.601130                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.606904                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 894973.769231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 1013175.577551                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1010120.660040                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 1024710.428571                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1024710.428571                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 894973.769231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 1014086.223684                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1011245.009174                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 894973.769231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 1014086.223684                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1011245.009174                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks                293                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                     293                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          490                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           42                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          532                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total             545                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          532                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total            545                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     10493259                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    453606474                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    464099733                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     39349616                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     39349616                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     10493259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    492956090                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    503449349                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     10493259                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    492956090                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    503449349                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.581257                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.587617                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.601130                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.606904                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.601130                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.606904                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 807173.769231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 925727.497959                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 922663.485089                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 936895.619048                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 936895.619048                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 807173.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 926609.191729                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 923760.273394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 807173.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 926609.191729                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 923760.273394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                          239                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2047.696750                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                          52167                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                         2287                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                        22.810232                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks          33.222606                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    24.586360                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   113.188872                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data        1876.698911                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.016222                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.012005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.055268                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.916357                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.999852                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          355                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                   356                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks             53                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total                  53                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data          358                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                    359                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data          358                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                   359                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          212                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total                 239                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data          212                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                  239                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data          212                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total                 239                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     63334142                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    188088368                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     251422510                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     63334142                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    188088368                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total      251422510                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     63334142                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    188088368                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total     251422510                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          567                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total               595                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           53                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total              53                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          570                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total                598                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          570                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total               598                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.373898                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.401681                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.371930                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.399666                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.371930                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.399666                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2345708.962963                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 887209.283019                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1051977.029289                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2345708.962963                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 887209.283019                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1051977.029289                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2345708.962963                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 887209.283019                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1051977.029289                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks                 35                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                      35                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          212                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            239                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          212                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total             239                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          212                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total            239                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     60962740                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    169471239                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    230433979                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     60962740                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    169471239                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    230433979                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     60962740                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    169471239                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    230433979                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.373898                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.401681                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.371930                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.399666                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.371930                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.399666                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2257879.259259                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 799392.636792                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 964158.907950                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2257879.259259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 799392.636792                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 964158.907950                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2257879.259259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 799392.636792                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 964158.907950                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              506.095151                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs              750133223                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  507                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1479552.708087                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    24.095151                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.038614                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.811050                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       125261                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        125261                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       125261                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total         125261                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       125261                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total        125261                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     72324019                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     72324019                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     72324019                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     72324019                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     72324019                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     72324019                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       125299                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       125299                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       125299                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total       125299                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       125299                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total       125299                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000303                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000303                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000303                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000303                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000303                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000303                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1903263.657895                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1903263.657895                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1903263.657895                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1903263.657895                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1903263.657895                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1903263.657895                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     43033904                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     43033904                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     43033904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     43033904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     43033904                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     43033904                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1721356.160000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1721356.160000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1721356.160000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1721356.160000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1721356.160000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1721356.160000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                  577                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              118203531                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                  833                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             141900.997599                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   182.362257                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    73.637743                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.712353                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.287647                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        86799                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         86799                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        72631                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        72631                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          184                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          184                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          168                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          168                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data       159430                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total         159430                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data       159430                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total        159430                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1944                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1944                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           65                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           65                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2009                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total         2009                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2009                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total         2009                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    764181913                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    764181913                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     31295182                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     31295182                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    795477095                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    795477095                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    795477095                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    795477095                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        88743                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        88743                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        72696                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        72696                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          184                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          184                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          168                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          168                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       161439                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total       161439                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       161439                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total       161439                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.021906                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021906                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000894                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000894                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 393097.691872                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 393097.691872                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 481464.338462                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 481464.338462                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 395956.742160                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 395956.742160                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 395956.742160                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 395956.742160                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          211                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total             211                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data           62                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           62                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1432                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1432                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1432                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1432                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          574                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          574                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          577                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          577                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    193529094                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    193529094                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    193721394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    193721394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    193721394                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    193721394                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006468                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006468                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003574                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003574                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003574                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003574                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 337158.700348                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 337158.700348                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 335738.984402                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 335738.984402                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 335738.984402                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 335738.984402                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              550.626587                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              646509660                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  554                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1166984.945848                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    25.511460                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst   525.115127                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.040884                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.841531                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.882414                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       126099                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        126099                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       126099                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total         126099                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       126099                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total        126099                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     85455462                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     85455462                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     85455462                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     85455462                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     85455462                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     85455462                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       126135                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       126135                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       126135                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total       126135                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       126135                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total       126135                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000285                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000285                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000285                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000285                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000285                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000285                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2373762.833333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2373762.833333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2373762.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2373762.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2373762.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2373762.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     62216999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     62216999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     62216999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     62216999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     62216999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     62216999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2222035.678571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2222035.678571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2222035.678571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2222035.678571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2222035.678571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2222035.678571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                  570                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              151269893                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                  826                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             183135.463680                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   152.456626                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data   103.543374                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.595534                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.404466                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       188316                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        188316                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        31811                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        31811                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           76                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           76                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data       220127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total         220127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data       220127                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total        220127                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1988                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1988                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           11                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           11                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1999                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total         1999                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1999                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total         1999                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    977071472                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    977071472                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       941184                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       941184                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    978012656                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    978012656                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    978012656                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    978012656                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       190304                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       190304                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        31822                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        31822                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           76                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           76                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       222126                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total       222126                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       222126                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total       222126                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.010446                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010446                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000346                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000346                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008999                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008999                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008999                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008999                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 491484.643863                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 491484.643863                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 85562.181818                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85562.181818                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 489250.953477                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 489250.953477                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 489250.953477                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 489250.953477                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           53                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total              53                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1421                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1421                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1429                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1429                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1429                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1429                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          570                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          570                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    212789528                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    212789528                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    212981828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    212981828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    212981828                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    212981828                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002979                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002979                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000094                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000094                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002566                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002566                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002566                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002566                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 375290.172840                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 375290.172840                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 373652.329825                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 373652.329825                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 373652.329825                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 373652.329825                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              502.556859                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              753291516                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1497597.447316                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    12.556859                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.020123                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.805380                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst        99672                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         99672                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst        99672                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total          99672                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst        99672                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total         99672                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     12333435                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     12333435                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     12333435                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     12333435                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     12333435                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     12333435                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst        99686                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        99686                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst        99686                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total        99686                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst        99686                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total        99686                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000140                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000140                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000140                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000140                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000140                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000140                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 880959.642857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 880959.642857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 880959.642857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 880959.642857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 880959.642857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 880959.642857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     11562499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11562499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     11562499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     11562499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     11562499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     11562499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000130                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000130                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000130                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000130                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000130                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000130                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst       889423                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       889423                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst       889423                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       889423                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst       889423                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       889423                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                  892                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              125501534                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                 1148                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             109321.893728                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   186.103454                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    69.896546                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.726967                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.273033                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        74938                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         74938                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        60309                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        60309                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          125                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          125                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          120                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          120                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data       135247                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total         135247                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data       135247                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total        135247                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2129                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2129                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          358                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          358                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2487                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total         2487                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2487                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total         2487                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1350609151                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1350609151                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    321090612                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    321090612                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1671699763                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1671699763                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1671699763                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1671699763                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        77067                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        77067                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        60667                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        60667                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          125                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          125                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          120                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          120                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       137734                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total       137734                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       137734                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total       137734                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.027625                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.027625                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005901                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005901                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.018057                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.018057                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.018057                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.018057                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 634386.637388                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 634386.637388                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 896901.150838                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 896901.150838                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 672175.216325                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 672175.216325                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 672175.216325                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 672175.216325                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          398                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total             398                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          318                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          318                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1595                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1595                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1595                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1595                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          852                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          852                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           40                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          892                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          892                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          892                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          892                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    544896616                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    544896616                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     36868437                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     36868437                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    581765053                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    581765053                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    581765053                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    581765053                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.011055                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011055                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000659                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000659                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.006476                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006476                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.006476                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006476                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 639550.018779                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 639550.018779                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 921710.925000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 921710.925000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 652202.974215                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 652202.974215                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 652202.974215                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 652202.974215                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              506.099996                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              750132979                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  507                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1479552.226824                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    24.099996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.038622                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.811058                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       125017                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        125017                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       125017                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total         125017                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       125017                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total        125017                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     71859559                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     71859559                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     71859559                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     71859559                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     71859559                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     71859559                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       125055                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       125055                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       125055                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total       125055                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       125055                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total       125055                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000304                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000304                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000304                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000304                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000304                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000304                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1891041.026316                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1891041.026316                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1891041.026316                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1891041.026316                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1891041.026316                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1891041.026316                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     46217567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     46217567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     46217567                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     46217567                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     46217567                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     46217567                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1848702.680000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1848702.680000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1848702.680000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1848702.680000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1848702.680000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1848702.680000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                  577                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              118203179                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                  833                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             141900.575030                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   182.452707                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    73.547293                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.712706                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.287294                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        86608                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         86608                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        72470                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        72470                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          184                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          184                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          168                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          168                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data       159078                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total         159078                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data       159078                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total        159078                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1944                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1944                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           65                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           65                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2009                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total         2009                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2009                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total         2009                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    778123068                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    778123068                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     31290930                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     31290930                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    809413998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    809413998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    809413998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    809413998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        88552                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        88552                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        72535                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        72535                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          184                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          184                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          168                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          168                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       161087                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total       161087                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       161087                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total       161087                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.021953                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021953                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000896                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000896                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.012472                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012472                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.012472                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012472                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 400269.067901                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 400269.067901                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 481398.923077                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 481398.923077                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 402893.976108                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 402893.976108                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 402893.976108                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 402893.976108                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          211                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total             211                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data           62                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           62                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1432                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1432                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1432                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1432                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          574                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          574                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          577                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          577                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    195950261                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    195950261                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    196142561                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    196142561                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    196142561                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    196142561                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.006482                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006482                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003582                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003582                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003582                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003582                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 341376.761324                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 341376.761324                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 339935.114385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 339935.114385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 339935.114385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 339935.114385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              565.380767                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              768703254                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  573                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1341541.455497                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    23.612969                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst   541.767798                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.037841                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.868218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.906059                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       119922                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        119922                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       119922                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total         119922                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       119922                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total        119922                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     85245481                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     85245481                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     85245481                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     85245481                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     85245481                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     85245481                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       119970                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       119970                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       119970                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total       119970                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       119970                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total       119970                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000400                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000400                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000400                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000400                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000400                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000400                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1775947.520833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1775947.520833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1775947.520833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1775947.520833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1775947.520833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1775947.520833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       529626                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       529626                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     61295798                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     61295798                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     61295798                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     61295798                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     61295798                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     61295798                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000250                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000250                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000250                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000250                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000250                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000250                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2043193.266667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2043193.266667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2043193.266667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2043193.266667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2043193.266667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2043193.266667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                  813                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              289294709                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                 1069                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             270621.804490                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   110.647888                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data   145.352112                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.432218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.567782                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       308503                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        308503                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       167890                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       167890                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           85                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           85                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data       476393                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total         476393                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data       476393                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total        476393                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2931                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2931                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           10                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           10                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2941                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total         2941                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2941                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total         2941                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1380881825                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1380881825                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       768360                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       768360                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1381650185                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1381650185                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1381650185                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1381650185                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       311434                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       311434                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       167900                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       167900                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           85                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           85                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       479334                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total       479334                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       479334                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total       479334                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.009411                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009411                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000060                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000060                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 471129.930058                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 471129.930058                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data        76836                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total        76836                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 469789.250255                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 469789.250255                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 469789.250255                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 469789.250255                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          141                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total             141                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2128                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2128                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2128                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2128                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          810                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          810                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          813                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          813                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          813                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          813                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    351334447                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    351334447                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       204728                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       204728                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    351539175                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    351539175                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    351539175                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    351539175                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002601                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002601                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.001696                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001696                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.001696                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001696                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 433746.230864                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 433746.230864                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 68242.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68242.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 432397.509225                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 432397.509225                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 432397.509225                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 432397.509225                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              550.202095                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              646509304                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  554                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1166984.303249                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    25.086295                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst   525.115800                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.040202                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.841532                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.881734                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       125743                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        125743                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       125743                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total         125743                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       125743                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total        125743                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           37                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     50145290                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     50145290                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     50145290                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     50145290                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     50145290                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     50145290                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       125780                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       125780                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       125780                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total       125780                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       125780                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total       125780                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000294                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000294                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000294                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000294                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000294                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000294                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1355278.108108                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1355278.108108                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1355278.108108                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1355278.108108                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1355278.108108                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1355278.108108                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     46817461                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     46817461                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     46817461                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     46817461                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     46817461                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     46817461                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1672052.178571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1672052.178571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1672052.178571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1672052.178571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1672052.178571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1672052.178571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                  570                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              151269453                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                  826                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             183134.930993                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   151.260918                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data   104.739082                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.590863                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.409137                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       187876                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        187876                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        31811                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        31811                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           76                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           76                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data       219687                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total         219687                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data       219687                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total        219687                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2011                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2011                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           11                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           11                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2022                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total         2022                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2022                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total         2022                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    996828633                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    996828633                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       937546                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       937546                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    997766179                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    997766179                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    997766179                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    997766179                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       189887                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       189887                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        31822                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        31822                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           76                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           76                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       221709                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total       221709                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       221709                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total       221709                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.010591                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010591                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000346                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000346                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009120                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009120                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009120                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009120                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 495688.032322                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 495688.032322                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 85231.454545                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85231.454545                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 493455.083581                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 493455.083581                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 493455.083581                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 493455.083581                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           52                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total              52                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1444                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1444                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1452                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1452                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1452                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1452                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          570                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          570                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    217417221                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    217417221                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    217609521                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    217609521                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    217609521                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    217609521                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002986                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002986                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000094                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000094                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 383451.888889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 383451.888889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 381771.089474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 381771.089474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 381771.089474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 381771.089474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              465.772359                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              753010530                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  466                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1615902.424893                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    10.772359                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.017263                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.746430                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       134278                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        134278                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       134278                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total         134278                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       134278                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total        134278                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     11587094                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     11587094                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     11587094                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     11587094                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     11587094                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     11587094                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       134294                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       134294                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       134294                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total       134294                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       134294                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total       134294                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000119                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000119                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000119                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 724193.375000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 724193.375000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 724193.375000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 724193.375000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 724193.375000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 724193.375000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     10096201                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10096201                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     10096201                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     10096201                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     10096201                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     10096201                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 917836.454545                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 917836.454545                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 917836.454545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 917836.454545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 917836.454545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 917836.454545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                  395                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              109344596                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                  651                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             167964.049155                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   133.455067                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data   122.544933                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.521309                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.478691                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       105028                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        105028                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        77306                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        77306                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          195                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          195                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          188                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          188                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data       182334                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total         182334                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data       182334                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total        182334                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1020                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1020                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1020                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total         1020                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1020                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total         1020                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    247509660                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    247509660                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    247509660                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    247509660                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    247509660                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    247509660                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       106048                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       106048                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        77306                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        77306                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          195                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          195                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          188                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          188                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       183354                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total       183354                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       183354                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total       183354                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.009618                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009618                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005563                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005563                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005563                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005563                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 242656.529412                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 242656.529412                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 242656.529412                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 242656.529412                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 242656.529412                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 242656.529412                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           93                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total              93                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          625                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          625                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          625                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          625                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          625                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          625                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          395                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          395                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          395                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          395                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          395                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          395                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    104390785                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    104390785                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    104390785                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    104390785                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    104390785                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    104390785                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003725                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003725                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002154                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002154                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002154                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002154                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 264280.468354                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 264280.468354                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 264280.468354                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 264280.468354                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 264280.468354                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 264280.468354                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              506.112647                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              750133883                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  507                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1479554.009862                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    24.112647                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.038642                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.811078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       125921                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        125921                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       125921                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total         125921                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       125921                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total        125921                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     74394476                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     74394476                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     74394476                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     74394476                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     74394476                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     74394476                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       125961                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       125961                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       125961                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total       125961                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       125961                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total       125961                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000318                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000318                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000318                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000318                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000318                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000318                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1859861.900000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1859861.900000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1859861.900000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1859861.900000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1859861.900000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1859861.900000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     43440668                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     43440668                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     43440668                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     43440668                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     43440668                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     43440668                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000198                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000198                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000198                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000198                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000198                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000198                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1737626.720000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1737626.720000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1737626.720000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1737626.720000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1737626.720000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1737626.720000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                  580                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              118204412                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                  836                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             141392.837321                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   182.822878                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    73.177122                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.714152                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.285848                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        87286                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         87286                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        73025                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        73025                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          184                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          184                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          168                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          168                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data       160311                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total         160311                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data       160311                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total        160311                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1959                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1959                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           65                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           65                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2024                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total         2024                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2024                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total         2024                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    741878098                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    741878098                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     31019859                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     31019859                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    772897957                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    772897957                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    772897957                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    772897957                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        89245                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        89245                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        73090                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        73090                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          184                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          184                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          168                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          168                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       162335                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total       162335                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       162335                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total       162335                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.021951                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021951                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000889                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000889                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.012468                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012468                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.012468                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012468                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 378702.449209                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 378702.449209                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 477228.600000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 477228.600000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 381866.579545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 381866.579545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 381866.579545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 381866.579545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          213                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total             213                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1381                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1381                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data           62                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           62                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1443                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1443                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1443                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1443                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          578                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          578                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          581                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          581                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          581                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          581                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    187572773                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    187572773                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    187765073                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    187765073                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    187765073                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    187765073                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.006477                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006477                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003579                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003579                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003579                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003579                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 324520.368512                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 324520.368512                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 323175.685026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 323175.685026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 323175.685026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 323175.685026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              490.211706                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              749565858                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1490190.572565                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    15.211706                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.024378                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.785596                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       131915                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        131915                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       131915                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total         131915                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       131915                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total        131915                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     61190040                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     61190040                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     61190040                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     61190040                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     61190040                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     61190040                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       131957                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       131957                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       131957                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total       131957                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       131957                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total       131957                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000318                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000318                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000318                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000318                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000318                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000318                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1456905.714286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1456905.714286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1456905.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1456905.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1456905.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1456905.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       270631                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       270631                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     55423503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     55423503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     55423503                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     55423503                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     55423503                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     55423503                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000212                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000212                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000212                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000212                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000212                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000212                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1979410.821429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1979410.821429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1979410.821429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1979410.821429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1979410.821429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1979410.821429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                  420                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              113243960                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                  676                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             167520.650888                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   141.983488                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data   114.016512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.554623                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.445377                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        89580                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         89580                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        74496                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        74496                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          181                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          181                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          180                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          180                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data       164076                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total         164076                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data       164076                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total        164076                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1323                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1323                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           16                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1339                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total         1339                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1339                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total         1339                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    453747511                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    453747511                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      1269144                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1269144                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    455016655                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    455016655                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    455016655                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    455016655                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        90903                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        90903                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        74512                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        74512                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          181                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          181                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          180                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          180                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       165415                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total       165415                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       165415                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total       165415                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.014554                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014554                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000215                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008095                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008095                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008095                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008095                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 342968.640212                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 342968.640212                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 79321.500000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79321.500000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 339818.263630                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 339818.263630                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 339818.263630                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 339818.263630                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           98                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total              98                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          906                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          906                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          919                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          919                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          919                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          919                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          417                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          417                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          420                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          420                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          420                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          420                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    139003537                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    139003537                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    139195837                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    139195837                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    139195837                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    139195837                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.004587                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004587                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000040                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002539                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002539                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002539                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002539                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 333341.815348                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 333341.815348                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 331418.659524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 331418.659524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 331418.659524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 331418.659524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              506.098554                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              750133178                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  507                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1479552.619329                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    24.098554                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.038619                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.811055                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       125216                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        125216                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       125216                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total         125216                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       125216                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total        125216                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     78187156                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     78187156                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     78187156                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     78187156                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     78187156                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     78187156                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       125256                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       125256                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       125256                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total       125256                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       125256                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total       125256                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000319                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000319                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000319                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000319                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000319                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000319                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1954678.900000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1954678.900000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1954678.900000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1954678.900000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1954678.900000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1954678.900000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     47065055                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     47065055                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     47065055                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     47065055                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     47065055                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     47065055                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1882602.200000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1882602.200000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1882602.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1882602.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1882602.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1882602.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                  577                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              118203475                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                  833                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             141900.930372                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   182.495059                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    73.504941                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.712871                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.287129                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        86771                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         86771                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        72603                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        72603                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          184                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          184                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          168                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          168                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data       159374                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total         159374                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data       159374                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total        159374                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1944                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1944                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           65                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           65                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2009                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total         2009                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2009                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total         2009                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    768934763                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    768934763                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     53050136                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     53050136                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    821984899                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    821984899                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    821984899                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    821984899                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        88715                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        88715                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        72668                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        72668                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          184                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          184                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          168                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          168                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       161383                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total       161383                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       161383                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total       161383                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.021913                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021913                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000894                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000894                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.012449                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012449                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.012449                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012449                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 395542.573560                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 395542.573560                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 816155.938462                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 816155.938462                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 409151.268790                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 409151.268790                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 409151.268790                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 409151.268790                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          211                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total             211                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data           62                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           62                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1432                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1432                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1432                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1432                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          574                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          574                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          577                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          577                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    194639490                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    194639490                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    194831790                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    194831790                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    194831790                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    194831790                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006470                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006470                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003575                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003575                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003575                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003575                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 339093.188153                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 339093.188153                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 337663.414211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 337663.414211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 337663.414211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 337663.414211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              465.766483                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              753010364                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  466                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1615902.068670                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    10.766483                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.017254                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.746421                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       134112                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        134112                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       134112                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total         134112                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       134112                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total        134112                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     17477842                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     17477842                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     17477842                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     17477842                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     17477842                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     17477842                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       134129                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       134129                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       134129                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total       134129                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       134129                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total       134129                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000127                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000127                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000127                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1028108.352941                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1028108.352941                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1028108.352941                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1028108.352941                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1028108.352941                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1028108.352941                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     12718519                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12718519                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     12718519                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     12718519                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     12718519                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     12718519                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1156229                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1156229                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1156229                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1156229                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1156229                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1156229                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                  394                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              109344352                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                  650                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             168222.080000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   133.331022                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data   122.668978                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.520824                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.479176                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       104888                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        104888                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        77202                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        77202                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          195                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          195                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          188                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          188                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data       182090                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total         182090                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data       182090                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total        182090                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1016                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1016                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1016                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total         1016                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1016                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total         1016                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    254699600                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    254699600                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    254699600                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    254699600                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    254699600                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    254699600                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       105904                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       105904                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        77202                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        77202                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          195                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          195                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          188                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          188                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       183106                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total       183106                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       183106                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total       183106                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009594                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009594                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005549                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005549                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005549                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005549                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 250688.582677                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 250688.582677                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 250688.582677                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 250688.582677                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 250688.582677                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 250688.582677                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           93                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total              93                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          622                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          622                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          622                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          622                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          622                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          622                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          394                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          394                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          394                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          394                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    107132262                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    107132262                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    107132262                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    107132262                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    107132262                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    107132262                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.003720                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003720                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002152                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002152                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002152                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002152                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 271909.294416                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 271909.294416                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 271909.294416                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 271909.294416                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 271909.294416                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 271909.294416                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              550.601824                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              646509385                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  554                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1166984.449458                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    25.486881                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   525.114943                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.040844                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.841530                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.882375                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       125824                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        125824                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       125824                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total         125824                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       125824                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total        125824                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     89149006                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     89149006                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     89149006                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     89149006                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     89149006                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     89149006                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       125860                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       125860                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       125860                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total       125860                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       125860                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total       125860                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2476361.277778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2476361.277778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2476361.277778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2476361.277778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2476361.277778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2476361.277778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     65922936                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     65922936                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     65922936                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     65922936                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     65922936                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     65922936                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2354390.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2354390.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2354390.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2354390.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2354390.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2354390.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                  570                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              151269327                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                  826                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             183134.778450                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   152.158960                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   103.841040                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.594371                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.405629                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       187750                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        187750                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        31811                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        31811                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           76                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           76                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data       219561                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total         219561                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data       219561                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total        219561                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1987                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1987                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           11                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           11                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1998                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total         1998                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1998                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total         1998                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    975707626                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    975707626                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       940642                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       940642                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    976648268                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    976648268                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    976648268                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    976648268                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       189737                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       189737                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        31822                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        31822                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           76                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           76                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       221559                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total       221559                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       221559                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total       221559                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.010472                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010472                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000346                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000346                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.009018                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009018                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.009018                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009018                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 491045.609461                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 491045.609461                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 85512.909091                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85512.909091                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 488812.946947                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 488812.946947                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 488812.946947                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 488812.946947                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           53                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total              53                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1420                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1420                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1428                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1428                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          570                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          570                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    214382993                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    214382993                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    214575293                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    214575293                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    214575293                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    214575293                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002988                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002988                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000094                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000094                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002573                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002573                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002573                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002573                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 378100.516755                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 378100.516755                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 376447.882456                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 376447.882456                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 376447.882456                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 376447.882456                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              502.557447                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              753291178                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1497596.775348                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    12.557447                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.020124                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.805381                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst        99334                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         99334                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst        99334                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total          99334                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst        99334                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total         99334                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     13286312                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     13286312                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     13286312                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     13286312                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     13286312                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     13286312                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst        99348                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        99348                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst        99348                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total        99348                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst        99348                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total        99348                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000141                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000141                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000141                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000141                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000141                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000141                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 949022.285714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 949022.285714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 949022.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 949022.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 949022.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 949022.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     11875060                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11875060                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     11875060                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     11875060                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     11875060                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     11875060                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000131                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000131                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000131                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000131                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000131                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000131                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 913466.153846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 913466.153846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 913466.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 913466.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 913466.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 913466.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                  894                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              125501887                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                 1150                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             109132.075652                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   184.510059                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    71.489941                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.720742                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.279258                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        75074                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         75074                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        60522                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        60522                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          127                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          127                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          122                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          122                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data       135596                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total         135596                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data       135596                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total        135596                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2107                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2107                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          381                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          381                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2488                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total         2488                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2488                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total         2488                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1295798587                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1295798587                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    351629190                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    351629190                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1647427777                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1647427777                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1647427777                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1647427777                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        77181                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        77181                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        60903                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        60903                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          127                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          127                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          122                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          122                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       138084                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total       138084                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       138084                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total       138084                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.027299                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.027299                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.006256                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006256                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.018018                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.018018                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.018018                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.018018                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 614996.956336                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 614996.956336                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 922911.259843                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 922911.259843                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 662149.428055                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 662149.428055                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 662149.428055                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 662149.428055                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          401                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total             401                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1256                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1256                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          338                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          338                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1594                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1594                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1594                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1594                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          851                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          851                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           43                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          894                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          894                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          894                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          894                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    535296271                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    535296271                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     42268486                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     42268486                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    577564757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    577564757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    577564757                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    577564757                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.011026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000706                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000706                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.006474                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006474                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.006474                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006474                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 629020.294947                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 629020.294947                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 982988.046512                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 982988.046512                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 646045.589485                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 646045.589485                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 646045.589485                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 646045.589485                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              490.064298                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              749565755                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1490190.367793                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    15.064298                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.024142                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.785359                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       131812                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        131812                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       131812                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total         131812                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       131812                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total        131812                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     63302835                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     63302835                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     63302835                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     63302835                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     63302835                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     63302835                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       131852                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       131852                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       131852                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total       131852                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       131852                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total       131852                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000303                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000303                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000303                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000303                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000303                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000303                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1582570.875000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1582570.875000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1582570.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1582570.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1582570.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1582570.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     48339728                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     48339728                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     48339728                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     48339728                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     48339728                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     48339728                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000212                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000212                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000212                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000212                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000212                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000212                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1726418.857143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1726418.857143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1726418.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1726418.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1726418.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1726418.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                  420                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              113243967                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                  676                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             167520.661243                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   141.909957                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data   114.090043                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.554336                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.445664                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        89567                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         89567                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        74516                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        74516                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          181                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          181                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          180                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          180                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data       164083                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total         164083                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data       164083                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total        164083                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1327                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1327                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1341                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total         1341                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1341                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total         1341                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    446782276                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    446782276                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      1157718                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1157718                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    447939994                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    447939994                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    447939994                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    447939994                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        90894                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        90894                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        74530                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        74530                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          181                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          181                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          180                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          180                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       165424                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total       165424                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       165424                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total       165424                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.014599                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014599                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000188                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000188                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008106                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008106                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008106                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008106                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 336685.965335                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 336685.965335                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 82694.142857                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82694.142857                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 334034.298285                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 334034.298285                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 334034.298285                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 334034.298285                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           98                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total              98                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          910                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          910                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          921                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          921                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          921                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          921                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          417                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          417                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          420                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          420                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          420                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          420                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    129788029                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    129788029                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    129980329                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    129980329                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    129980329                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    129980329                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.004588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000040                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002539                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002539                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002539                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002539                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 311242.275779                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 311242.275779                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 309476.973810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 309476.973810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 309476.973810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 309476.973810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              502.547875                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              753291197                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1497596.813121                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    12.547875                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.020109                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.805365                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst        99353                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         99353                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst        99353                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total          99353                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst        99353                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total         99353                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     12529644                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     12529644                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     12529644                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     12529644                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     12529644                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     12529644                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst        99367                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        99367                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst        99367                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total        99367                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst        99367                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total        99367                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000141                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000141                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000141                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000141                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000141                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000141                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 894974.571429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 894974.571429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 894974.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 894974.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 894974.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 894974.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     11742731                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11742731                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     11742731                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     11742731                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     11742731                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     11742731                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000131                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000131                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000131                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000131                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000131                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000131                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst       903287                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       903287                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst       903287                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       903287                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst       903287                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       903287                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                  883                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              125501340                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                 1139                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             110185.548727                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   184.888414                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    71.111586                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.722220                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.277780                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        74703                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         74703                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        60351                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        60351                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          124                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          124                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          120                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          120                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data       135054                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total         135054                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data       135054                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total        135054                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2084                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2084                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          381                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          381                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2465                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total         2465                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2465                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total         2465                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1271183975                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1271183975                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    383767213                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    383767213                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1654951188                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1654951188                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1654951188                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1654951188                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        76787                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        76787                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        60732                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        60732                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          124                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          124                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          120                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          120                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       137519                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total       137519                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       137519                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total       137519                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.027140                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.027140                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006273                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006273                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.017925                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.017925                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.017925                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.017925                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 609973.116603                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 609973.116603                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 1007263.026247                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1007263.026247                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 671379.792292                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 671379.792292                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 671379.792292                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 671379.792292                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          398                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total             398                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1241                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1241                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          339                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          339                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1580                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1580                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1580                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1580                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          843                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          843                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           42                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          885                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          885                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          885                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          885                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    524176718                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    524176718                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     43386438                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     43386438                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    567563156                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    567563156                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    567563156                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    567563156                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.010978                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010978                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000692                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000692                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006435                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006435                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006435                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006435                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 621799.190985                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 621799.190985                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 1033010.428571                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1033010.428571                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 641314.300565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 641314.300565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 641314.300565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 641314.300565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              550.584897                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              646509512                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  554                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1166984.678700                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    25.469289                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst   525.115608                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.040816                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.841531                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.882348                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       125951                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        125951                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       125951                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total         125951                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       125951                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total        125951                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     85701316                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     85701316                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     85701316                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     85701316                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     85701316                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     85701316                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       125987                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       125987                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       125987                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total       125987                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       125987                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total       125987                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2380592.111111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2380592.111111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2380592.111111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2380592.111111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2380592.111111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2380592.111111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     63626690                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     63626690                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     63626690                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     63626690                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     63626690                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     63626690                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2272381.785714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2272381.785714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2272381.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2272381.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2272381.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2272381.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                  570                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              151269592                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                  826                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             183135.099274                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   152.132336                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data   103.867664                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.594267                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.405733                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       188015                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        188015                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        31811                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        31811                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           76                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           76                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data       219826                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total         219826                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data       219826                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total        219826                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1989                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1989                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           11                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           11                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2000                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total         2000                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2000                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total         2000                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    968586722                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    968586722                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       940571                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       940571                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    969527293                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    969527293                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    969527293                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    969527293                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       190004                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       190004                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        31822                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        31822                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           76                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           76                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       221826                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total       221826                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       221826                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total       221826                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.010468                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010468                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000346                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000346                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.009016                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009016                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.009016                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009016                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 486971.705380                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 486971.705380                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 85506.454545                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85506.454545                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 484763.646500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 484763.646500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 484763.646500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 484763.646500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           53                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total              53                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1422                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1422                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1430                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1430                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          570                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          570                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    213203533                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    213203533                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    213395833                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    213395833                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    213395833                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    213395833                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002984                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002984                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000094                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000094                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002570                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002570                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002570                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002570                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 376020.340388                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 376020.340388                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 374378.654386                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 374378.654386                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 374378.654386                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 374378.654386                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
