
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.001075                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  1075336665                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               398803687920                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 285688                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   369474                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                  26006                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67751764                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 41350.14                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 11813249047                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   15277788105                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data         9216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data        14592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data        22144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data        14592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data        46592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data        61312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data        60160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data         9216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data        16768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data        61568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data         9216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data        14592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         1920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data        46336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data        21888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         1920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data        16896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data        14592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               479104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         1920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         1920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           39424                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       205952                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            205952                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data           72                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data          114                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data          173                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data          114                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data          364                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data          479                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data          470                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data           72                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data          131                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data          481                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data           72                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data          114                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data          362                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data          171                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data          132                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data          114                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                  3743                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            1609                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 1609                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst      3094845                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data      8570339                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst      3213877                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     13569704                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst      1547422                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     20592621                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst      3213877                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     13569704                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst      1547422                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     43327826                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst      1547422                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     57016562                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst      1547422                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     55945270                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst      3094845                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data      8570339                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst      1666455                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     15593256                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst      1547422                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     57254627                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst      3094845                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data      8570339                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst      3213877                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     13569704                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst      1785487                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     43089761                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst      1547422                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     20354556                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst      1785487                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     15712289                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst      3213877                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     13569704                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               445538607                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst      3094845                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst      3213877                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst      1547422                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst      3213877                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst      1547422                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst      1547422                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst      1547422                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst      3094845                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst      1666455                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst      1547422                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst      3094845                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst      3213877                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst      1785487                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst      1547422                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst      1785487                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst      3213877                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total           36662007                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         191523275                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              191523275                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         191523275                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst      3094845                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data      8570339                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst      3213877                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     13569704                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst      1547422                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     20592621                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst      3213877                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     13569704                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst      1547422                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     43327826                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst      1547422                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     57016562                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst      1547422                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     55945270                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst      3094845                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data      8570339                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst      1666455                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     15593256                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst      1547422                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     57254627                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst      3094845                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data      8570339                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst      3213877                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     13569704                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst      1785487                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     43089761                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst      1547422                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     20354556                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst      1785487                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     15712289                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst      3213877                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     13569704                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              637061882                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles                2578746                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups         224754                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted       187033                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21837                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        84544                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits          79849                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS          23749                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          999                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1944254                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts              1232433                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches            224754                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches       103598                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles              256219                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles         61773                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles       166542                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.MiscStallCycles         3416                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           42                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines          122064                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes        20756                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples      2410204                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.629163                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.996740                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0        2153985     89.37%     89.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1          15616      0.65%     90.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2          19657      0.82%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3          31421      1.30%     92.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4          12656      0.53%     92.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5          16816      0.70%     93.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6          19403      0.81%     94.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7           9104      0.38%     94.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8         131546      5.46%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total      2410204                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.087156                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.477920                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles        1936317                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles       179327                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles          254922                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles          118                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles        39514                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved        34134                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          218                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts      1505793                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1275                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles        39514                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles        1938765                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles          5326                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles       168223                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles          252562                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles         5809                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts      1495587                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents          686                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents         4087                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands      2089514                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups      6949969                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups      6949969                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps      1718824                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps         370662                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts          354                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts          184                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts           21248                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads       141676                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores        72398                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads          769                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores        16025                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded          1458923                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          356                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued         1388655                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1818                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       195582                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       416290                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           11                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2410204                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.576157                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.301711                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1823253     75.65%     75.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       266243     11.05%     86.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       110340      4.58%     91.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        61529      2.55%     93.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        82819      3.44%     97.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        25965      1.08%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        25442      1.06%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        13512      0.56%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1101      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2410204                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          9713     78.85%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1351     10.97%     89.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1254     10.18%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1169777     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18827      1.36%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          170      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       127866      9.21%     94.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        72015      5.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total      1388655                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.538500                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt             12318                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008870                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5201650                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1654881                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1350849                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses      1400973                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          939                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        29968                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1491                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles        39514                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles          4036                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles          502                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1459281                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1118                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       141676                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        72398                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          184                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents          420                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12048                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12738                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts        24786                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1363605                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       125326                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        25050                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   2                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs             197302                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches         192497                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores            71976                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.528786                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent              1350880                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count             1350849                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers          809025                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers         2172437                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.523839                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.372404                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000005                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps      1232105                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts       227168                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          345                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts        21811                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2370690                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.519724                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.337080                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1848616     77.98%     77.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       264990     11.18%     89.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        95900      4.05%     93.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        47710      2.01%     95.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        43776      1.85%     97.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        18442      0.78%     97.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        18227      0.77%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8723      0.37%     98.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24306      1.03%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2370690                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts      1000005                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps      1232105                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs               182615                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads              111708                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars               172                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches           178645                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts         1109201                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls        25420                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events        24306                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads            3805644                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes           2958077                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                 30919                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles                168542                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts           1000005                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps             1232105                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total      1000005                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.578733                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.578733                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.387787                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.387787                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads        6132080                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes       1889669                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads       1390866                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes          344                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles                2578746                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups         201156                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted       164415                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21339                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        81264                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits          76552                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20243                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          992                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1927156                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts              1124611                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches            201156                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches        96795                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles              232887                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles         58938                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles       106210                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.MiscStallCycles          788                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           40                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines          119432                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21204                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples      2304438                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.599262                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.939582                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0        2071551     89.89%     89.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1          10715      0.46%     90.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2          16361      0.71%     91.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3          22603      0.98%     92.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4          23882      1.04%     93.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5          20497      0.89%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6          10783      0.47%     94.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7          17364      0.75%     95.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8         110682      4.80%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total      2304438                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.078005                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.436108                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles        1908399                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles       126248                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles          232287                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles          375                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles        37125                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved        33094                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          209                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts      1377696                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1270                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles        37125                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles        1914015                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles         20230                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles        93573                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles          227034                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        12457                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts      1376339                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents            4                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents         1776                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents         5384                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands      1921630                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups      6397588                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups      6397588                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps      1636493                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps         285137                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts          332                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts          171                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts           38710                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads       129329                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores        68969                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads          839                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores        32632                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded          1373592                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          333                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued         1295701                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          300                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       167976                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       406223                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2304438                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.562263                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.247225                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1744055     75.68%     75.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       239700     10.40%     86.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       119450      5.18%     91.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        81655      3.54%     94.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        64790      2.81%     97.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27130      1.18%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17457      0.76%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9024      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1177      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2304438                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           278     11.96%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead          870     37.42%     49.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1177     50.62%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1090567     84.17%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19201      1.48%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          161      0.01%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       117099      9.04%     94.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        68673      5.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total      1295701                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.502454                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2325                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001794                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4898465                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1541916                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1274261                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses      1298026                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2630                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        22992                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           16                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1330                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles        37125                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles         17353                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1146                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1373930                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            8                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       129329                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        68969                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          171                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents          947                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           16                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11425                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12659                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts        24084                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1276320                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       110186                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19381                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs             178841                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches         181152                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores            68655                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.494938                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent              1274327                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count             1274261                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers          732372                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers         1973428                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.494140                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.371117                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts       953827                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps      1173662                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts       200282                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          325                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts        21385                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2267313                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.517644                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.343717                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1774876     78.28%     78.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       249411     11.00%     89.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        89117      3.93%     93.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        42614      1.88%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        43003      1.90%     96.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21290      0.94%     97.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        14028      0.62%     98.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8247      0.36%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24727      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2267313                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts       953827                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps      1173662                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs               173976                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads              106337                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars               162                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches           169231                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts         1057463                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls        24166                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events        24727                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads            3616517                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes           2785016                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                 30975                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles                274308                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts            953827                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps             1173662                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total       953827                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.703578                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.703578                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.369880                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.369880                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads        5740779                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes       1776893                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads       1276874                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes          324                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles                2578746                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups         185113                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted       162654                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        17008                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       113057                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits         110234                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS          12214                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          574                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1893933                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts              1049692                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches            185113                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches       122448                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles              231430                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles         55146                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles        62851                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines          116702                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16552                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples      2226261                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.535837                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.799144                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0        1994831     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1          32527      1.46%     91.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2          19249      0.86%     91.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3          31881      1.43%     93.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4          12059      0.54%     93.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5          29262      1.31%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6           5148      0.23%     95.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7           9620      0.43%     95.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8          91684      4.12%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total      2226261                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.071784                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.407055                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles        1879408                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles        78067                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles          230808                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles          276                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles        37698                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved        19626                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          349                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts      1188805                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1384                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles        37698                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles        1881355                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles         41803                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles        30618                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles          228955                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles         5828                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts      1186403                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents            2                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents         1023                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents         4138                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands      1573041                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups      5400737                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups      5400737                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps      1240435                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps         332591                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts          169                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts           84                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts           15601                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads       199822                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores        37621                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads          254                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores         8465                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded          1177977                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          168                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued         1090898                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1093                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       234930                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       498363                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2226261                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.490014                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.116705                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1752330     78.71%     78.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       155419      6.98%     85.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       148499      6.67%     92.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        88917      3.99%     96.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        51080      2.29%     98.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        13746      0.62%     99.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        15545      0.70%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          390      0.02%     99.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          335      0.02%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2226261                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2179     59.29%     59.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     59.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     59.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     59.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     59.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     59.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     59.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     59.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     59.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     59.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     59.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     59.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead          824     22.42%     81.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          672     18.29%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       864726     79.27%     79.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         9356      0.86%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           85      0.01%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       179594     16.46%     96.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        37137      3.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total      1090898                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.423034                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3675                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003369                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4412823                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1413084                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1059954                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses      1094573                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1051                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        45843                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            9                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1338                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles        37698                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles         36312                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles          771                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1178145                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           72                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       199822                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        37621                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           84                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents          429                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           25                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            9                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         9988                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8072                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts        18060                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1074095                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       176256                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        16801                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs             213383                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches         161287                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores            37127                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.416518                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent              1060454                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count             1059954                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers          638674                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers         1452404                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.411035                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.439736                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts       824643                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps       940540                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts       237643                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          168                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts        16743                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2188563                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.429752                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.286917                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1831413     83.68%     83.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       144863      6.62%     90.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        88093      4.03%     94.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        28914      1.32%     95.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        45282      2.07%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         9914      0.45%     98.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6458      0.30%     98.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5705      0.26%     98.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        27921      1.28%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2188563                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts       824643                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps       940540                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs               190262                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads              153979                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars                84                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches           143040                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts          825715                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls        12893                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events        27921                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads            3338825                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes           2394095                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                 43334                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles                352485                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts            824643                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps              940540                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total       824643                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     3.127106                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               3.127106                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.319784                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.319784                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads        4965810                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes       1397208                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads       1235056                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes          168                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles                2578746                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups         200614                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted       164098                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21448                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        81050                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits          76758                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20375                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          977                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1928442                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts              1121484                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches            200614                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches        97133                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles              232755                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles         58841                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles        93069                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           28                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines          119569                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21320                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples      2291446                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.601085                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.941394                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0        2058691     89.84%     89.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1          10701      0.47%     90.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2          16762      0.73%     91.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3          22835      1.00%     92.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4          23825      1.04%     93.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5          20318      0.89%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6          10776      0.47%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7          17226      0.75%     95.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8         110312      4.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total      2291446                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.077795                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.434895                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles        1908981                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles       113003                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles          232197                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles          343                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles        36918                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved        32864                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          209                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts      1374161                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1278                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles        36918                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles        1914515                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles         22219                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles        78554                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles          227036                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles        12200                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts      1373153                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents         1683                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents         5306                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands      1918004                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups      6382677                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups      6382677                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps      1635363                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps         282625                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts          331                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts          171                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts           37916                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads       129204                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores        68781                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads          783                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores        32741                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded          1370578                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          333                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued         1294077                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          286                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       165715                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       399893                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2291446                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.564743                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.249566                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1731524     75.56%     75.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       239894     10.47%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       119234      5.20%     91.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        81334      3.55%     94.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        64724      2.82%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27076      1.18%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17402      0.76%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9039      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1219      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2291446                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           283     12.20%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead          864     37.24%     49.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1173     50.56%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1089103     84.16%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19189      1.48%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          160      0.01%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       117149      9.05%     94.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        68476      5.29%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total      1294077                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.501824                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2320                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001793                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4882203                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1536638                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1272555                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses      1296397                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2573                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        22948                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           13                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1215                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles        36918                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles         19341                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1204                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1370918                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            1                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       129204                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        68781                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          171                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1019                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           13                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11618                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12650                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts        24268                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1274563                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       110159                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19511                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs             178614                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches         180923                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores            68455                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.494257                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent              1272632                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count             1272555                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers          731713                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers         1969961                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.493478                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.371435                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts       953126                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps      1172788                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts       198131                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          325                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts        21494                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2254528                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.520192                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.346531                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1762301     78.17%     78.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       249561     11.07%     89.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        88942      3.95%     93.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        42492      1.88%     95.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        42956      1.91%     96.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21237      0.94%     97.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        14099      0.63%     98.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8256      0.37%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24684      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2254528                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts       953126                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps      1172788                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs               173820                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads              106254                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars               162                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches           169095                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts         1056684                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls        24149                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events        24684                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads            3600750                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes           2778777                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                 31100                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles                287300                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts            953126                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps             1172788                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total       953126                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.705567                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.705567                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.369608                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.369608                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads        5733362                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes       1775462                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads       1273599                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes          324                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles                2578746                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups         170802                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted       153876                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        10739                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        63712                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits          58837                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS           9185                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          484                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1796695                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts              1071528                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches            170802                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches        68022                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles              211104                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles         34311                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles       300931                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines          104794                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes        10595                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples      2332061                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.539937                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.839495                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0        2120957     90.95%     90.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1           7391      0.32%     91.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2          15206      0.65%     91.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3           6347      0.27%     92.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4          34446      1.48%     93.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5          31228      1.34%     95.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6           5524      0.24%     95.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7          12443      0.53%     95.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8          98519      4.22%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total      2332061                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.066235                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.415523                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles        1778792                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles       319267                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles          210128                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles          743                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles        23125                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved        14996                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          206                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts      1255961                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1268                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles        23125                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles        1781752                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles        287245                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles        23280                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles          208111                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles         8542                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts      1253995                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents         3945                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents         3001                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.FullRegisterEvents           86                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands      1478791                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups      5900317                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups      5900317                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps      1271383                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps         207402                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts          149                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts           79                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts           21891                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads       293622                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores       146997                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1296                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores         7086                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded          1248868                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          149                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued         1187490                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          968                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       119937                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       296795                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            9                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2332061                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.509202                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.298620                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1905742     81.72%     81.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       130071      5.58%     87.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       104957      4.50%     91.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        45841      1.97%     93.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        57301      2.46%     96.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        53690      2.30%     98.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        30369      1.30%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2606      0.11%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1484      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2332061                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2963     11.31%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead        22541     86.04%     97.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          695      2.65%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       747031     62.91%     62.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        10298      0.87%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           70      0.01%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       283706     23.89%     87.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       146385     12.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total      1187490                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.460491                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt             26199                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022063                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4734208                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1369005                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1175037                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses      1213689                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1967                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        15316                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           51                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1468                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          102                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles        23125                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles        281426                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2236                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1249017                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           14                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       293622                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       146997                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           79                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1413                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           51                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         5423                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6883                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts        12306                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1177633                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       282595                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         9857                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs             428953                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches         153819                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores           146358                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.456669                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent              1175139                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count             1175037                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers          636058                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers         1257739                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.455662                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.505715                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts       945228                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps      1110604                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts       138531                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          140                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts        10735                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2308936                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.481003                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.295243                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1904153     82.47%     82.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       149187      6.46%     88.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        69242      3.00%     91.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        68369      2.96%     94.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        18748      0.81%     95.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        78127      3.38%     99.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6176      0.27%     99.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4329      0.19%     99.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        10605      0.46%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2308936                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts       945228                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps      1110604                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs               423827                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads              278303                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars                70                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches           146532                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts          987613                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls        10712                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events        10605                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads            3547466                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes           2521412                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                 39887                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles                246685                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts            945228                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps             1110604                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total       945228                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.728174                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.728174                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.366546                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.366546                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads        5816562                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes       1368084                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads       1487349                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes          140                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles                2578175                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups         150742                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted       122984                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16211                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        63023                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits          56793                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS          14923                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          738                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1454463                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts               890217                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches            150742                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches        71716                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles              182303                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles         50680                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles       172592                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines           91142                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16179                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples      1843243                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.587098                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.935808                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0        1660940     90.11%     90.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1           9600      0.52%     90.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2          15059      0.82%     91.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3          22957      1.25%     92.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4           9429      0.51%     93.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5          11318      0.61%     93.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6          11970      0.65%     94.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7           8310      0.45%     94.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8          93660      5.08%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total      1843243                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.058468                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.345290                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles        1435353                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles       192310                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles          180840                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles         1139                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles        33600                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved        24369                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          287                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts      1078522                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1098                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles        33600                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles        1439294                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles         81493                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles        98861                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles          178095                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles        11897                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts      1075412                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents          522                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents         2277                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents         5981                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.FullRegisterEvents          850                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands      1472643                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups      5009795                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups      5009795                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps      1207712                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps         264799                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts          236                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts          126                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts           34493                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads       109119                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores        60012                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2989                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores        11427                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded          1071268                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          236                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued          997854                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1849                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       166034                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       386928                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           16                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      1843243                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.541358                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.228945                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1417295     76.89%     76.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       172948      9.38%     86.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        95979      5.21%     91.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        62614      3.40%     94.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        56962      3.09%     97.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        17499      0.95%     98.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        12664      0.69%     99.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         4477      0.24%     99.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2805      0.15%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      1843243                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           276     11.94%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead          932     40.33%     52.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1103     47.73%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       822049     82.38%     82.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18308      1.83%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          110      0.01%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        98698      9.89%     94.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        58689      5.88%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total       997854                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.387039                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2311                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002316                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      3843111                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1237605                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       978929                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses      1000165                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4800                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        23699                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           68                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         4114                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          782                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles        33600                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles         70036                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1294                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1071504                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          448                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       109119                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        60012                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          126                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents          690                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           40                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           68                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         8534                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        10181                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts        18715                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts       982672                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        93461                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        15182                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs             152021                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches         133402                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores            58560                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.381150                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent               979023                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count              978929                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers          580431                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers         1470570                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.379698                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.394698                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts       723447                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps       882099                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts       189969                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          220                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts        16459                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      1809643                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.487444                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.331349                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1451857     80.23%     80.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       170613      9.43%     89.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        70520      3.90%     93.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        36297      2.01%     95.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        26846      1.48%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        15565      0.86%     97.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         9624      0.53%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         7966      0.44%     98.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        20355      1.12%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      1809643                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts       723447                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps       882099                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs               141301                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads               85411                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars               110                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches           122465                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts          797509                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls        17193                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events        20355                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads            2861356                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes           2177845                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                 26109                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles                734932                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts            723447                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps              882099                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total       723447                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     3.563737                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               3.563737                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.280604                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.280604                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads        4459399                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes       1339245                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads       1021786                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes          220                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles                2578746                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups         149981                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted       122349                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16136                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        60426                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits          56361                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS          14934                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          704                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1450285                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts               887207                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches            149981                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches        71295                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles              181782                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles         50758                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles       150471                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines           90821                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16096                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples      1816588                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.594357                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.947319                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0        1634806     89.99%     89.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1           9565      0.53%     90.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2          15035      0.83%     91.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3          22943      1.26%     92.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4           9390      0.52%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5          11134      0.61%     93.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6          11729      0.65%     94.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7           8254      0.45%     94.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8          93732      5.16%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total      1816588                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.058160                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.344046                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles        1431022                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles       170315                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles          180398                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles         1086                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles        33766                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved        24278                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          286                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts      1076215                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1098                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles        33766                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles        1434926                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles         74626                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles        83915                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles          177653                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        11699                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts      1073273                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents          735                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents         2113                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents         5988                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents          849                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands      1468757                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups      5002481                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups      5002481                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps      1204360                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps         264366                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts          233                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts          124                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts           34135                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads       109422                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores        60052                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2921                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores        11446                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded          1069109                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          232                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued          995406                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1899                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       167701                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       391924                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           16                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      1816588                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.547954                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.235539                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1391904     76.62%     76.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       172519      9.50%     86.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        95335      5.25%     91.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        62519      3.44%     94.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        56990      3.14%     97.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        17414      0.96%     98.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        12590      0.69%     99.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         4446      0.24%     99.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2871      0.16%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      1816588                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           272     11.88%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead          920     40.17%     52.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1098     47.95%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       819509     82.33%     82.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18247      1.83%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          109      0.01%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        98938      9.94%     94.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        58603      5.89%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total       995406                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.386004                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2290                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002301                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      3811589                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1237104                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       976329                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses       997696                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4489                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        24264                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           63                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         4347                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          804                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles        33766                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles         64871                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1333                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1069341                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          436                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       109422                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        60052                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          124                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents          718                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           51                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           63                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         8541                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        10059                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts        18600                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts       980245                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        93490                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        15161                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs             151959                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches         132844                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores            58469                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.380125                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent               976429                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count              976329                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers          578390                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers         1467803                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.378606                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.394052                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts       721293                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps       879618                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts       190505                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          216                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts        16376                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      1782822                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.493385                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.337862                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1425896     79.98%     79.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       170131      9.54%     89.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        70441      3.95%     93.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        36328      2.04%     95.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        26760      1.50%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        15537      0.87%     97.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         9485      0.53%     98.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         7966      0.45%     98.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        20278      1.14%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      1782822                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts       721293                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps       879618                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs               140855                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads               85153                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars               108                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches           122181                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts          795244                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls        17164                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events        20278                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads            2832667                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes           2174044                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                 26002                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles                762158                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts            721293                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps              879618                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total       721293                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     3.575171                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               3.575171                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.279707                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.279707                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads        4448757                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes       1335383                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads       1018555                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes          216                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles                2578746                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups         224527                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted       186841                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21822                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        84454                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits          79760                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS          23728                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          999                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1942342                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts              1231224                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches            224527                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches       103488                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles              255959                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles         61730                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles       164187                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.MiscStallCycles         3602                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           67                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines          121954                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes        20739                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples      2405860                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.629675                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.997481                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0        2149901     89.36%     89.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1          15597      0.65%     90.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2          19629      0.82%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3          31399      1.31%     92.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4          12640      0.53%     92.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5          16798      0.70%     93.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6          19381      0.81%     94.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7           9097      0.38%     94.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8         131418      5.46%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total      2405860                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.087068                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.477451                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles        1934617                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles       176971                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles          254661                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles          119                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles        39486                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved        34099                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          218                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts      1504293                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1275                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles        39486                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles        1937066                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles          5328                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles       165865                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles          252301                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles         5809                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts      1494084                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents            6                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents          685                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents         4087                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands      2087493                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups      6942898                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups      6942898                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps      1717088                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps         370375                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts          354                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts          184                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts           21247                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads       141517                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores        72314                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads          767                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores        16013                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded          1457463                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          356                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued         1387239                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1818                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       195424                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       415964                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           11                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2405860                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.576608                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302151                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1819521     75.63%     75.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       265967     11.05%     86.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       110218      4.58%     91.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        61467      2.55%     93.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        82716      3.44%     97.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        25959      1.08%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        25410      1.06%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        13500      0.56%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1102      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2405860                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          9701     78.83%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1352     10.99%     89.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1254     10.19%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1168598     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18819      1.36%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          170      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       127720      9.21%     94.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        71932      5.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total      1387239                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.537951                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt             12307                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008872                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5194462                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1653263                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1349463                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses      1399546                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          937                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        29941                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1491                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles        39486                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles          4038                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles          502                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1457821                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1118                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       141517                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        72314                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          184                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents          420                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12043                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12726                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts        24769                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1362203                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       125180                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        25035                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   2                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs             197072                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches         192292                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores            71892                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.528242                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent              1349494                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count             1349463                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers          808204                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers         2170053                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.523302                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.372435                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts       998966                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps      1230815                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts       227005                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          345                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts        21796                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2366374                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.520127                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.337481                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1844831     77.96%     77.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       264734     11.19%     89.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        95786      4.05%     93.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        47663      2.01%     95.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        43733      1.85%     97.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        18428      0.78%     97.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        18214      0.77%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8716      0.37%     98.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24269      1.03%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2366374                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts       998966                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps      1230815                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs               182399                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads              111576                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars               172                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches           178452                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts         1108054                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls        25399                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events        24269                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads            3799912                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes           2955140                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                 30896                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles                172886                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts            998966                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps             1230815                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total       998966                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.581415                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.581415                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.387384                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.387384                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads        6125767                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes       1887805                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads       1389479                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes          344                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles                2578695                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups         195646                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted       160384                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20879                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        80632                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits          74336                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS          19734                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          924                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1870332                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts              1118111                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches            195646                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches        94070                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles              244468                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles         60478                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles       142520                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines          117071                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes        20911                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples      2296361                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.596058                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.941480                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0        2051893     89.35%     89.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1          25938      1.13%     90.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2          30151      1.31%     91.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3          16582      0.72%     92.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4          18766      0.82%     93.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5          10764      0.47%     93.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6           7512      0.33%     94.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7          19217      0.84%     94.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8         115538      5.03%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total      2296361                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.075870                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.433596                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles        1854190                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles       159208                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles          242134                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles         2122                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles        38703                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved        31658                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          338                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts      1364473                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1823                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles        38703                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles        1857613                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles         14570                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles       135544                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles          240607                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles         9320                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts      1362765                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents         1896                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents         4522                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands      1894930                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups      6340778                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups      6340778                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps      1584393                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps         310480                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts          340                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts          186                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts           26848                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads       130943                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores        69643                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1646                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores        15238                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded          1357911                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          340                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued         1273690                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1811                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       188793                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       441173                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           32                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2296361                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.554656                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.249747                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1761429     76.71%     76.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       214373      9.34%     86.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       115634      5.04%     91.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        79635      3.47%     94.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        70413      3.07%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        35908      1.56%     99.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         9061      0.39%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5678      0.25%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4230      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2296361                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           330     11.38%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1300     44.83%     56.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1270     43.79%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1067005     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19787      1.55%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          154      0.01%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       117640      9.24%     94.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        69104      5.43%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total      1273690                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.493928                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2900                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002277                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4848452                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1547075                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1250288                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses      1276590                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3216                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        26076                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           31                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1827                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           77                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          245                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles        38703                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles         10012                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1040                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1358254                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          969                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       130943                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        69643                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          186                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents          706                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           31                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11341                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12205                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts        23546                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1253263                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       110124                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20427                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs             179197                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches         174344                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores            69073                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.486007                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent              1250362                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count             1250288                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers          744113                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers         1951845                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.484853                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.381236                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts       929962                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps      1141115                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts       217071                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          308                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts        20835                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2257658                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.505442                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.322405                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1791748     79.36%     79.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       216140      9.57%     88.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        90540      4.01%     92.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        54142      2.40%     95.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        37467      1.66%     97.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        24434      1.08%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12981      0.57%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10103      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        20103      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2257658                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts       929962                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps      1141115                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs               172640                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads              104850                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars               154                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches           163302                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts         1028829                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls        23243                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events        20103                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads            3595741                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes           2755158                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                 30711                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles                282334                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts            929962                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps             1141115                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total       929962                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.772904                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.772904                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.360633                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.360633                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads        5650631                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes       1737968                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads       1270838                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes          308                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles                2578743                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups         151540                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted       123569                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16352                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        61509                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits          57052                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS          15077                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          738                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1467683                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts               896960                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches            151540                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches        72129                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles              183910                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles         51265                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles       146192                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines           91951                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16338                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples      1832116                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.595612                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.948905                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0        1648206     89.96%     89.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1           9776      0.53%     90.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2          15283      0.83%     91.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3          23224      1.27%     92.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4           9566      0.52%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5          11242      0.61%     93.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6          11723      0.64%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7           8364      0.46%     94.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8          94732      5.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total      1832116                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.058765                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.347828                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles        1448869                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles       165605                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles          182517                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles         1079                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles        34045                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved        24567                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          288                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts      1087661                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1098                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles        34045                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles        1452712                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles         67268                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles        86703                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles          179815                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles        11570                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts      1084561                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents          474                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents         2149                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents         5883                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.FullRegisterEvents          857                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands      1484428                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups      5055523                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups      5055523                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps      1217996                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps         266432                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts          234                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts          123                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts           33848                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads       110377                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores        60739                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2984                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores        11580                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded          1080399                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          233                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued         1006845                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1893                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       168382                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       391485                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           13                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      1832116                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.549553                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.236557                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1402540     76.55%     76.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       174368      9.52%     86.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        96427      5.26%     91.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        63559      3.47%     94.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        57398      3.13%     97.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        17782      0.97%     98.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        12711      0.69%     99.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         4470      0.24%     99.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2861      0.16%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      1832116                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           288     12.20%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead          947     40.11%     52.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1126     47.69%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       828923     82.33%     82.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18470      1.83%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          111      0.01%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        99947      9.93%     94.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        59394      5.90%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total      1006845                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.390440                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2361                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002345                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      3850060                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1249075                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       987693                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses      1009206                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4757                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        24281                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           62                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         4415                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          824                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles        34045                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles         57177                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1306                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1080632                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          469                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       110377                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        60739                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          123                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents          711                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           42                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           62                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         8652                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        10200                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts        18852                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts       991643                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        94523                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        15202                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs             153789                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches         134415                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores            59266                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.384545                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent               987803                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count              987693                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers          585180                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers         1484687                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.383013                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.394144                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts       729414                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps       889510                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts       191984                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          220                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts        16600                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      1798071                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.494702                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.339061                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1436978     79.92%     79.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       172169      9.58%     89.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        71225      3.96%     93.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        36845      2.05%     95.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        27076      1.51%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        15628      0.87%     97.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         9632      0.54%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8024      0.45%     98.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        20494      1.14%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      1798071                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts       729414                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps       889510                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs               142420                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads               86096                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars               110                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches           123559                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts          804170                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls        17351                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events        20494                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads            2859071                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes           2197040                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                 26346                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles                746627                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts            729414                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps              889510                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total       729414                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     3.535363                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               3.535363                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.282856                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.282856                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads        4500489                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes       1350888                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads       1029933                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes          220                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles                2578746                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups         224822                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted       187091                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21844                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        84572                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits          79876                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS          23755                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          999                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1944716                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts              1232747                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches            224822                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches       103631                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles              256290                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles         61793                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles       165956                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.MiscStallCycles         3419                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           42                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines          122095                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes        20762                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples      2410167                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.629335                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.996975                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0        2153877     89.37%     89.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1          15620      0.65%     90.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2          19668      0.82%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3          31427      1.30%     92.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4          12661      0.53%     92.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5          16823      0.70%     93.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6          19409      0.81%     94.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7           9104      0.38%     94.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8         131578      5.46%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total      2410167                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.087183                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.478041                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles        1936782                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles       178741                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles          254993                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles          118                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles        39527                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved        34144                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          218                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts      1506184                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1275                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles        39527                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles        1939230                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles          5328                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles       167636                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles          252633                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles         5808                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts      1495978                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents          685                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents         4087                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands      2090068                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups      6951782                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups      6951782                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps      1719279                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps         370789                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts          354                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts          184                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts           21248                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads       141715                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores        72410                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads          769                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores        16025                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded          1459300                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          356                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued         1389016                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1818                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       195647                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       416405                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           11                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2410167                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.576315                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.301853                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1823064     75.64%     75.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       266311     11.05%     86.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       110372      4.58%     91.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        61539      2.55%     93.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        82842      3.44%     97.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        25973      1.08%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        25449      1.06%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        13519      0.56%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1098      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2410167                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          9717     78.86%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1351     10.96%     89.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1254     10.18%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1170090     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18827      1.36%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          170      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       127902      9.21%     94.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        72027      5.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total      1389016                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.538640                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt             12322                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008871                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5202339                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1655323                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1351194                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses      1401338                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          939                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        29977                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1491                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles        39527                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles          4037                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles          502                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1459658                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1118                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       141715                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        72410                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          184                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents          420                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12051                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12743                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts        24794                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1363956                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       125362                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        25060                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   2                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs             197350                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches         192555                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores            71988                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.528922                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent              1351225                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count             1351194                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers          809234                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers         2173039                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.523973                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.372397                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000255                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps      1232417                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts       227245                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          345                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts        21818                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2370640                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.519867                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.337245                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1848431     77.97%     77.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       265062     11.18%     89.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        95927      4.05%     93.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        47721      2.01%     95.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        43786      1.85%     97.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        18442      0.78%     97.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        18229      0.77%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8726      0.37%     98.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24316      1.03%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2370640                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts      1000255                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps      1232417                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs               182657                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads              111738                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars               172                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches           178700                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts         1109470                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls        25424                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events        24316                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads            3805973                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes           2958856                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                 30926                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles                168579                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts           1000255                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps             1232417                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total      1000255                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.578089                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.578089                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.387884                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.387884                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads        6133635                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes       1890162                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads       1391210                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes          344                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles                2578746                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups         200095                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted       163661                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21290                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        80553                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits          76450                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20275                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          945                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1920182                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts              1120150                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches            200095                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches        96725                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles              232462                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles         58809                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles        99517                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.MiscStallCycles          826                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           40                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines          119048                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21139                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples      2290304                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.600649                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.940966                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0        2057842     89.85%     89.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1          10769      0.47%     90.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2          16700      0.73%     91.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3          22831      1.00%     92.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4          23692      1.03%     93.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5          20296      0.89%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6          10761      0.47%     94.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7          17112      0.75%     95.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8         110301      4.82%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total      2290304                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.077594                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.434378                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles        1901558                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles       119473                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles          231878                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles          346                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles        37045                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved        32793                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          208                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts      1372359                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1270                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles        37045                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles        1907096                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles         20064                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles        87218                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles          226702                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles        12175                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts      1371131                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents            4                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents         1680                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents         5295                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands      1915317                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups      6374192                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups      6374192                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps      1630879                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps         284438                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts          331                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts          171                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts           38257                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads       128995                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores        68681                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads          845                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores        32570                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded          1368343                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          333                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued         1290787                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          312                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       167171                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       405127                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2290304                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.563588                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.249215                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1732360     75.64%     75.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       238653     10.42%     86.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       118894      5.19%     91.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        81165      3.54%     94.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        64529      2.82%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        26949      1.18%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17524      0.77%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         8994      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1236      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2290304                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           272     11.82%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead          859     37.33%     49.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1170     50.85%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1086249     84.15%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19187      1.49%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          160      0.01%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       116823      9.05%     94.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        68368      5.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total      1290787                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.500548                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2301                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001783                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4874491                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1535861                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1269411                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses      1293088                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2691                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        23042                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           15                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1298                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles        37045                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles         17173                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1185                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1368681                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           17                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       128995                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        68681                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          171                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1005                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           15                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11544                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12495                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts        24039                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1271417                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       109875                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19370                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs             178225                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches         180308                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores            68350                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.493037                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent              1269474                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count             1269411                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers          730084                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers         1966261                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.492259                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.371306                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts       950505                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps      1169521                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts       199167                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          325                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts        21336                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2253259                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.519035                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.345302                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1762532     78.22%     78.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       248609     11.03%     89.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        88747      3.94%     93.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        42532      1.89%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        42777      1.90%     96.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21153      0.94%     97.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        14041      0.62%     98.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8241      0.37%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24627      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2253259                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts       950505                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps      1169521                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs               173336                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads              105953                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars               162                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches           168610                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts         1053735                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls        24072                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events        24627                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads            3597307                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes           2774426                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                 30883                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles                288442                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts            950505                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps             1169521                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total       950505                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.713027                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.713027                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.368592                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.368592                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads        5719516                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes       1770718                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads       1271938                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes          324                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles                2578746                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups         170490                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted       153546                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        10790                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        64915                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits          58887                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS           9260                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          492                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1794649                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts              1069400                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches            170490                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches        68147                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles              210722                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles         34385                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles       298847                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines          104737                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes        10666                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples      2327566                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.539851                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.839008                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0        2116844     90.95%     90.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1           7371      0.32%     91.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2          15192      0.65%     91.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3           6300      0.27%     92.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4          34433      1.48%     93.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5          31076      1.34%     95.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6           5709      0.25%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7          12611      0.54%     95.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8          98030      4.21%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total      2327566                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.066114                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.414698                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles        1776111                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles       317808                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles          209789                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles          712                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles        23140                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved        15008                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          208                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts      1253364                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1261                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles        23140                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles        1779114                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles        278799                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles        30016                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles          207715                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles         8776                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts      1251440                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents            7                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents         4159                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents         3015                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.FullRegisterEvents           84                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands      1476205                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups      5888780                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups      5888780                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps      1269733                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps         206460                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts          151                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts           81                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts           22020                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads       292838                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores       146681                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1363                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores         7080                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded          1246807                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          151                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued         1186097                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          955                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       119333                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       293084                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           11                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2327566                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.509587                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.299303                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1901632     81.70%     81.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       130077      5.59%     87.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       105380      4.53%     91.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        45162      1.94%     93.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        56908      2.44%     96.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        53777      2.31%     98.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        30603      1.31%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2577      0.11%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1450      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2327566                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2963     11.26%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead        22647     86.10%     97.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          694      2.64%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       746734     62.96%     62.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        10314      0.87%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           70      0.01%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       282920     23.85%     87.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       146059     12.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total      1186097                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.459951                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt             26304                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022177                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4727019                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1366345                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1173650                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses      1212401                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2020                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        15245                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           54                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1512                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          102                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles        23140                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles        272701                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2250                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1246958                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           29                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       292838                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       146681                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           81                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1404                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           10                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           54                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         5504                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6862                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts        12366                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1176180                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       281900                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         9917                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs             427933                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches         153690                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores           146033                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.456105                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent              1173761                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count             1173650                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers          635416                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers         1257410                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.455124                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.505337                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts       943653                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps      1108813                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts       138253                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          140                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts        10787                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2304426                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.481167                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.295472                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1900239     82.46%     82.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       148872      6.46%     88.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        69444      3.01%     91.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        68283      2.96%     94.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        18383      0.80%     95.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        78105      3.39%     99.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6182      0.27%     99.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4289      0.19%     99.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        10629      0.46%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2304426                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts       943653                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps      1108813                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs               422755                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads              277586                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars                70                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches           146316                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts          986038                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls        10712                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events        10629                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads            3540863                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes           2517296                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                 40012                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles                251180                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts            943653                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps             1108813                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total       943653                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.732727                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.732727                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.365935                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.365935                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads        5808863                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes       1367165                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads       1484280                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes          140                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles                2578229                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups         184198                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted       162018                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16865                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       112955                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits         109876                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS          12037                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          533                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1886936                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts              1045115                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches            184198                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches       121913                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles              230392                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles         54766                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles        63052                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines          116144                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16401                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples      2218193                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.535430                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.798598                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0        1987801     89.61%     89.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1          32354      1.46%     91.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2          19242      0.87%     91.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3          31713      1.43%     93.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4          11913      0.54%     93.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5          29093      1.31%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6           5216      0.24%     95.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7           9592      0.43%     95.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8          91269      4.11%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total      2218193                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.071444                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.405362                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles        1872369                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles        78307                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles          229773                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles          278                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles        37462                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved        19414                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          351                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts      1183543                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1393                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles        37462                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles        1874352                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles         49183                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles        23495                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles          227877                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles         5820                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts      1181045                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents            7                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents         1006                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents         4121                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands      1565618                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups      5376630                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups      5376630                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps      1234255                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps         331266                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts          166                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts           82                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts           15633                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads       199127                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores        37318                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads          352                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores         8420                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded          1172561                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          164                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued         1086054                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1194                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       233904                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       495784                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2218193                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.489612                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.116425                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1746518     78.74%     78.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       154508      6.97%     85.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       147848      6.67%     92.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        88595      3.99%     96.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        50782      2.29%     98.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        13741      0.62%     99.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        15496      0.70%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          384      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          321      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2218193                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2184     59.49%     59.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     59.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     59.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     59.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     59.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     59.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     59.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     59.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     59.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     59.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     59.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     59.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead          820     22.34%     81.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          667     18.17%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       860757     79.26%     79.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         9258      0.85%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           84      0.01%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       179099     16.49%     96.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        36856      3.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total      1086054                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.421240                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3671                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003380                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4395166                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1406639                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1055078                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses      1089725                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1016                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        45496                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            3                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           10                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1265                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles        37462                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles         43508                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles          752                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1172725                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           56                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       199127                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        37318                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           82                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents          422                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           23                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           10                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         9927                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7960                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts        17887                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1069084                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       175611                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        16970                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs             212456                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches         160354                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores            36845                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.414658                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent              1055496                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count             1055078                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers          635602                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers         1446063                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.409226                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.439540                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts       821031                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps       936202                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts       236457                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          164                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts        16596                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2180731                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.429307                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.286575                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1825487     83.71%     83.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       143900      6.60%     90.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        87539      4.01%     94.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        28959      1.33%     95.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        45109      2.07%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         9823      0.45%     98.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6432      0.29%     98.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5652      0.26%     98.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        27830      1.28%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2180731                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts       821031                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps       936202                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs               189629                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads              153601                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars                82                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches           142438                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts          821824                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls        12823                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events        27830                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads            3325560                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes           2382912                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                 42952                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles                360036                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts            821031                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps              936202                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total       821031                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     3.140233                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               3.140233                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.318448                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.318448                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads        4943733                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes       1390572                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads       1229765                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes          164                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles                2578746                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups         195106                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted       159916                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20905                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        80390                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits          74547                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS          19767                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          920                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1870866                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts              1115789                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches            195106                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches        94314                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles              244093                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles         60143                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles       150340                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines          117025                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes        20870                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples      2304045                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.592818                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.935856                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0        2059952     89.41%     89.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1          25626      1.11%     90.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2          30244      1.31%     91.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3          16758      0.73%     92.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4          18931      0.82%     93.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5          10692      0.46%     93.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6           7571      0.33%     94.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7          19287      0.84%     95.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8         114984      4.99%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total      2304045                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.075659                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.432687                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles        1855272                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles       166477                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles          242069                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles         1816                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles        38407                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved        31571                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          339                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts      1361624                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1842                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles        38407                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles        1858447                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles         14876                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles       143037                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles          240577                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles         8697                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts      1360131                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents         1899                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents         4241                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands      1891469                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups      6330269                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups      6330269                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps      1584699                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps         306709                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts          345                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts          191                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts           25261                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads       130514                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores        69689                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1662                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores        15292                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded          1355889                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          345                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued         1273076                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1792                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       187092                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       434342                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           36                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2304045                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.552540                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.247604                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1769073     76.78%     76.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       214877      9.33%     86.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       115095      5.00%     91.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        79747      3.46%     94.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        70458      3.06%     97.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        36099      1.57%     99.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         8643      0.38%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5841      0.25%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4212      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2304045                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           332     11.43%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1300     44.77%     56.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1272     43.80%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1066362     83.76%     83.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19865      1.56%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          154      0.01%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       117510      9.23%     94.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        69185      5.43%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total      1273076                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.493680                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2904                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002281                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4854893                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1543361                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1250131                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses      1275980                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3265                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        25607                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           35                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1845                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           78                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          166                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles        38407                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles         10526                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles          971                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1356237                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          654                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       130514                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        69689                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          191                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents          666                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           35                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11510                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12092                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts        23602                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1252986                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       110054                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20090                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                   3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs             179216                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches         174224                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores            69162                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.485890                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent              1250202                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count             1250131                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers          744342                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers         1951359                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.484783                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.381448                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts       930241                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps      1141403                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts       214777                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          308                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts        20872                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2265638                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.503789                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.320548                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1799574     79.43%     79.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       216246      9.54%     88.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        90538      4.00%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        54102      2.39%     95.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        37647      1.66%     97.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        24404      1.08%     98.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12894      0.57%     98.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10061      0.44%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        20172      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2265638                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts       930241                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps      1141403                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs               172728                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads              104893                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars               154                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches           163314                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts         1029110                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls        23245                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events        20172                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads            3601646                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes           2750832                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                 30692                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles                274701                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts            930241                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps             1141403                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total       930241                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.772127                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.772127                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.360734                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.360734                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads        5650278                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes       1737701                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads       1268656                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes          308                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles                2578746                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups         200311                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted       163798                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21345                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        80236                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits          76334                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20192                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          956                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1922767                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts              1120717                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches            200311                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches        96526                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles              232373                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles         58938                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles        98316                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.MiscStallCycles          657                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           40                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines          119202                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21218                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples      2291505                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.600433                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.941105                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0        2059132     89.86%     89.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1          10790      0.47%     90.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2          16658      0.73%     91.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3          22661      0.99%     92.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4          23822      1.04%     93.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5          20262      0.88%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6          10575      0.46%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7          17082      0.75%     95.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8         110523      4.82%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total      2291505                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.077678                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.434598                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles        1903911                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles       118307                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles          231808                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles          355                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles        37120                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved        32877                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          208                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts      1372741                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1270                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles        37120                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles        1909458                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles         18600                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles        87326                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles          226616                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles        12381                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts      1371626                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents         1775                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents         5347                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands      1915606                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups      6374795                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups      6374795                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps      1631464                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps         284133                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts          330                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts          170                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts           38721                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads       128870                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores        68676                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads          823                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores        31805                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded          1369137                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          332                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued         1291567                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          286                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       166911                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       403964                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            7                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2291505                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.563633                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.249105                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1732982     75.63%     75.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       239040     10.43%     86.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       119243      5.20%     91.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        81045      3.54%     94.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        64288      2.81%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27048      1.18%     98.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17745      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         8868      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1246      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2291505                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           278     12.03%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead          856     37.04%     49.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1177     50.93%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1087152     84.17%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19158      1.48%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          160      0.01%     85.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       116697      9.04%     94.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        68400      5.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total      1291567                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.500851                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2311                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001789                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4877235                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1536395                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1270054                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses      1293878                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2763                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        22883                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           16                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1277                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles        37120                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles         15667                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1149                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1369476                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            1                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       128870                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        68676                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          170                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents          963                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           16                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11525                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12657                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts        24182                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1272156                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       109920                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19410                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs             178305                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches         180478                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores            68385                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.493323                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent              1270122                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count             1270054                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers          730180                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers         1966283                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.492508                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.371350                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts       950844                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps      1169924                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts       199548                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          325                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts        21390                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2254385                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.518955                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.345301                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1763493     78.23%     78.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       248701     11.03%     89.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        88814      3.94%     93.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        42502      1.89%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        42752      1.90%     96.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21215      0.94%     97.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        14037      0.62%     98.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8184      0.36%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24687      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2254385                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts       950844                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps      1169924                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs               173380                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads              105981                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars               162                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches           168675                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts         1054087                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls        24078                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events        24687                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads            3599157                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes           2776078                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                 30989                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles                287241                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts            950844                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps             1169924                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total       950844                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.712060                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.712060                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.368723                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.368723                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads        5722171                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes       1771614                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads       1272487                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes          324                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                           98                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2046.880725                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                         132009                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                         2145                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                        61.542657                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks          41.880725                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    16.741561                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data    38.134612                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data        1950.123827                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.020450                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.008175                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.018620                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.952209                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.999453                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          268                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                   270                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks             79                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total                  79                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data          271                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                    273                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data          271                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                   273                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           72                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total                  98                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data           72                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                   98                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data           72                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total                  98                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     79981320                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     73295657                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     153276977                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     79981320                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     73295657                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total      153276977                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     79981320                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     73295657                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total     153276977                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          340                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total               368                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           79                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total              79                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          343                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total                371                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          343                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total               371                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.211765                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.266304                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.209913                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.264151                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.209913                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.264151                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 3076204.615385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 1017995.236111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1564050.785714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 3076204.615385                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 1017995.236111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1564050.785714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 3076204.615385                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 1017995.236111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1564050.785714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks                 51                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                      51                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           72                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             98                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           72                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total              98                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           72                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total             98                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     77698520                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     66973789                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    144672309                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     77698520                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     66973789                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    144672309                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     77698520                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     66973789                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    144672309                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.211765                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.266304                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.209913                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.264151                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.209913                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.264151                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2988404.615385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 930191.513889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1476248.051020                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2988404.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 930191.513889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1476248.051020                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2988404.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 930191.513889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1476248.051020                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                          141                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2046.558277                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                         118693                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                         2189                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                        54.222476                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.558277                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    26.295641                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data    59.484425                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data        1932.219934                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013944                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.012840                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.029045                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.943467                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.999296                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          283                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                   284                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks             91                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total                  91                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data          286                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                    287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data          286                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                   287                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          114                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total                 141                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data          114                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                  141                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data          114                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total                 141                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     88612445                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     95457185                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     184069630                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     88612445                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     95457185                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total      184069630                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     88612445                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     95457185                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total     184069630                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          397                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total               425                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           91                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total              91                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          400                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total                428                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          400                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total               428                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.287154                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.331765                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.285000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.329439                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.285000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.329439                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 3281942.407407                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 837343.728070                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1305458.368794                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 3281942.407407                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 837343.728070                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1305458.368794                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 3281942.407407                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 837343.728070                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1305458.368794                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks                 67                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                      67                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            141                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          114                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total             141                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          114                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total            141                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     86241305                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     85445914                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    171687219                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     86241305                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     85445914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    171687219                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     86241305                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     85445914                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    171687219                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.287154                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.331765                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.285000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.329439                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.285000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.329439                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 3194122.407407                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 749525.561404                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1217639.851064                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 3194122.407407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 749525.561404                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1217639.851064                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 3194122.407407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 749525.561404                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1217639.851064                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                          186                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                     2047.971578                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                          51306                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                         2234                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                        22.965980                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks          33.971578                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    12.247979                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data    97.856267                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data        1903.895754                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.016588                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.005980                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.047781                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.929637                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total               0.999986                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          288                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                   288                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks             45                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total                  45                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data          288                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                    288                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data          288                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                   288                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          173                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total                 186                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data          173                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                  186                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data          173                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total                 186                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     10795148                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    125292358                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     136087506                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     10795148                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    125292358                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total      136087506                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     10795148                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    125292358                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total     136087506                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          461                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total               474                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           45                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total              45                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          461                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total                474                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          461                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total               474                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.375271                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.392405                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.375271                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.392405                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.375271                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.392405                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst       830396                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 724233.283237                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 731653.258065                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst       830396                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 724233.283237                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 731653.258065                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst       830396                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 724233.283237                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 731653.258065                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks                 26                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                      26                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          173                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            186                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          173                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total             186                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          173                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total            186                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      9653748                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    110102958                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    119756706                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      9653748                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    110102958                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    119756706                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      9653748                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    110102958                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    119756706                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.375271                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.392405                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.375271                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.392405                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.375271                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.392405                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst       742596                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 636433.283237                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 643853.258065                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst       742596                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 636433.283237                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 643853.258065                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst       742596                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 636433.283237                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 643853.258065                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                          141                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2046.551990                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         118693                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                         2189                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                        54.222476                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.551990                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    26.280622                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data    59.393033                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data        1932.326344                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013941                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.012832                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.029001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.943519                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.999293                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          283                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                   284                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks             91                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total                  91                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data          286                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                    287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data          286                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                   287                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          114                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total                 141                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data          114                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                  141                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data          114                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total                 141                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     83328841                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     97202688                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     180531529                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     83328841                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     97202688                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total      180531529                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     83328841                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     97202688                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total     180531529                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          397                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total               425                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           91                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total              91                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          400                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total                428                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          400                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total               428                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.287154                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.331765                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.285000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.329439                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.285000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.329439                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 3086253.370370                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 852655.157895                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1280365.453901                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 3086253.370370                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 852655.157895                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1280365.453901                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 3086253.370370                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 852655.157895                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1280365.453901                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks                 67                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                      67                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            141                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          114                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total             141                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          114                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total            141                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     80958241                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     87192019                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    168150260                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     80958241                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     87192019                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    168150260                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     80958241                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     87192019                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    168150260                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.287154                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.331765                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.285000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.329439                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.285000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.329439                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2998453.370370                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 764842.271930                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1192555.035461                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2998453.370370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 764842.271930                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1192555.035461                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2998453.370370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 764842.271930                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1192555.035461                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                          377                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         113267                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                         2425                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                        46.708041                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks           5.584305                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    12.547932                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   176.598246                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data        1853.269517                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002727                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.006127                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.086230                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.904917                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          345                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                   345                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks            112                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total                 112                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data          345                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                    345                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data          345                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                   345                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          364                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total                 377                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data          364                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                  377                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data          364                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total                 377                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     12176443                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    349655114                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     361831557                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     12176443                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    349655114                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total      361831557                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     12176443                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    349655114                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total     361831557                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          709                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total               722                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          112                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total             112                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          709                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total                722                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          709                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total               722                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.513399                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.522161                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.513399                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.522161                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.513399                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.522161                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 936649.461538                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 960590.972527                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 959765.403183                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 936649.461538                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 960590.972527                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 959765.403183                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 936649.461538                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 960590.972527                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 959765.403183                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks                 77                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                      77                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          364                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            377                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          364                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total             377                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          364                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total            377                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     11035043                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    317690096                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    328725139                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     11035043                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    317690096                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    328725139                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     11035043                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    317690096                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    328725139                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.513399                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.522161                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.513399                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.522161                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.513399                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.522161                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 848849.461538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 872774.989011                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 871949.970822                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 848849.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 872774.989011                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 871949.970822                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 848849.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 872774.989011                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 871949.970822                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                          499                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2045.331563                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                          86610                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                         2543                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                        34.058199                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks         114.815619                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    12.298199                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   216.065363                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data        1702.152382                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.056062                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.006005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.105501                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.831129                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.998697                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          309                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                   309                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks            358                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total                 358                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data          309                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                    309                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data          309                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                   309                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          443                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total                 456                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           37                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_misses::total                37                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data          480                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                  493                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data          480                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total                 493                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     11842861                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    457088930                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     468931791                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     37400979                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     37400979                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     11842861                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    494489909                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total      506332770                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     11842861                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    494489909                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total     506332770                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          752                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total               765                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          358                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total             358                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           37                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total              37                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          789                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total                802                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          789                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total               802                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.589096                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.596078                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.608365                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.614713                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.608365                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.614713                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 910989.307692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 1031803.453725                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1028359.190789                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 1010837.270270                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1010837.270270                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 910989.307692                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 1030187.310417                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1027044.158215                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 910989.307692                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 1030187.310417                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1027044.158215                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks                267                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                     267                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          443                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            456                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           37                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          480                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total             493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          480                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total            493                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     10701461                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    418281330                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    428982791                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     34152379                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     34152379                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     10701461                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    452433709                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    463135170                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     10701461                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    452433709                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    463135170                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.589096                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.596078                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.608365                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.614713                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.608365                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.614713                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 823189.307692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 944201.647856                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 940751.734649                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 923037.270270                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 923037.270270                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 823189.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 942570.227083                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 939422.251521                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 823189.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 942570.227083                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 939422.251521                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                          488                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2045.244992                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                          86606                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                         2533                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                        34.191078                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks         115.597504                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    12.311357                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   216.258523                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data        1701.077609                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.056444                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.006011                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.105595                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.830604                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.998655                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          308                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                   308                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks            355                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total                 355                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data          308                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                    308                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data          308                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                   308                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          432                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total                 445                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           38                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::total                38                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data          470                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                  483                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data          470                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total                 483                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     12189838                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    447402144                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     459591982                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     34810184                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     34810184                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     12189838                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    482212328                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total      494402166                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     12189838                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    482212328                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total     494402166                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          740                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total               753                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          355                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total             355                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           38                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total              38                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          778                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total                791                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          778                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total               791                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.583784                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.590969                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.604113                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.610619                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.604113                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.610619                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 937679.846154                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 1035653.111111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1032790.970787                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 916057.473684                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 916057.473684                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 937679.846154                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 1025983.676596                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1023606.968944                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 937679.846154                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 1025983.676596                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1023606.968944                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks                261                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                     261                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          432                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            445                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           38                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          470                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total             483                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          470                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total            483                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     11047729                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    409459663                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    420507392                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     31471725                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     31471725                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     11047729                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    440931388                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    451979117                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     11047729                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    440931388                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    451979117                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.583784                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.590969                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.604113                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.610619                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.604113                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.610619                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 849825.307692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 947823.293981                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 944960.431461                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 828203.289474                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 828203.289474                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 849825.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 938151.889362                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 935774.569358                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 849825.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 938151.889362                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 935774.569358                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                           98                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2046.881045                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                         132009                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                         2145                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                        61.542657                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks          41.881045                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    16.711336                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data    38.121883                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data        1950.166780                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.020450                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.008160                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.018614                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.952230                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.999454                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          268                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                   270                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks             79                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total                  79                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data          271                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                    273                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data          271                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                   273                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           72                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total                  98                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data           72                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                   98                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data           72                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total                  98                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     95317668                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     71236369                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     166554037                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     95317668                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     71236369                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total      166554037                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     95317668                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     71236369                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total     166554037                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          340                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total               368                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           79                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total              79                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          343                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total                371                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          343                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total               371                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.211765                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.266304                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.209913                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.264151                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.209913                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.264151                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3666064.153846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 989394.013889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1699530.989796                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3666064.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 989394.013889                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1699530.989796                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3666064.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 989394.013889                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1699530.989796                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks                 51                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                      51                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           72                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             98                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           72                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total              98                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           72                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total             98                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     93034087                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     64914016                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    157948103                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     93034087                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     64914016                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    157948103                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     93034087                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     64914016                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    157948103                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.211765                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.266304                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.209913                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.264151                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.209913                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.264151                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3578234.115385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 901583.555556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1611715.336735                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3578234.115385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 901583.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1611715.336735                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3578234.115385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 901583.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1611715.336735                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                          145                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2047.051967                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                         135153                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                         2193                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                        61.629275                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks          97.242262                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    13.734786                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data    71.605236                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data        1864.469683                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.047482                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.006706                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.034963                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.910386                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.999537                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          328                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                   328                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks            170                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total                 170                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data          328                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                    328                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data          328                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                   328                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          132                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total                 146                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data          133                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                  147                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data          133                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total                 147                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     15273378                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    106061151                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     121334529                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      1093735                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      1093735                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     15273378                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    107154886                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total      122428264                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     15273378                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    107154886                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total     122428264                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          460                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total               474                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          170                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total             170                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total               1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          461                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total                475                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          461                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total               475                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.286957                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.308017                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.288503                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.309474                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.288503                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.309474                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1090955.571429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 803493.568182                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 831058.417808                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      1093735                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1093735                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1090955.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 805675.834586                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 832845.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1090955.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 805675.834586                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 832845.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks                 93                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                      93                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          132                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            146                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          133                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total             147                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          133                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total            147                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     14044178                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     94644874                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    108689052                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      1005935                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1005935                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     14044178                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     95650809                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    109694987                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     14044178                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     95650809                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    109694987                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.286957                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.308017                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.288503                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.309474                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.288503                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.309474                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1003155.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 717006.621212                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 744445.561644                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      1005935                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1005935                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1003155.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 719179.015038                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 746224.401361                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1003155.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 719179.015038                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 746224.401361                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                          499                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2045.053633                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                          86608                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                         2544                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                        34.044025                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks         114.630589                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    12.295128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   220.245134                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data        1697.882781                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.055972                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.006003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.107542                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.829044                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.998561                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          309                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                   309                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks            357                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total                 357                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data          309                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                    309                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data          309                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                   309                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          442                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total                 455                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           39                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::total                39                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data          481                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                  494                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data          481                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total                 494                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      8533494                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    424510759                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     433044253                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     38674988                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     38674988                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      8533494                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    463185747                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total      471719241                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      8533494                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    463185747                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total     471719241                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          751                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total               764                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          357                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total             357                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           39                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total              39                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          790                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total                803                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          790                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total               803                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.588549                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.595550                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.608861                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.615193                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.608861                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.615193                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 656422.615385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 960431.581448                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 951745.610989                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 991666.358974                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 991666.358974                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 656422.615385                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 962964.130977                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 954897.248988                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 656422.615385                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 962964.130977                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 954897.248988                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks                268                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                     268                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          442                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            455                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           39                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          481                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total             494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          481                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total            494                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7385344                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    385554472                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    392939816                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     35235788                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     35235788                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7385344                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    420790260                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    428175604                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7385344                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    420790260                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    428175604                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.588549                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.595550                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.608861                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.615193                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.608861                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.615193                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 568103.384615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 872295.185520                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 863603.991209                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 903481.743590                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 903481.743590                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 568103.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 874823.825364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 866752.234818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 568103.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 874823.825364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 866752.234818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                           98                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                     2046.881180                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                         132009                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                         2145                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                        61.542657                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks          41.881180                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    16.740962                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data    38.146932                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data        1950.112107                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.020450                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.008174                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.018626                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.952203                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total               0.999454                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          268                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                   270                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks             79                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total                  79                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data          271                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                    273                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data          271                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                   273                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           72                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total                  98                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data           72                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                   98                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data           72                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total                  98                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     83519799                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     72810753                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     156330552                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     83519799                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     72810753                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total      156330552                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     83519799                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     72810753                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total     156330552                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          340                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total               368                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           79                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total              79                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          343                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total                371                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          343                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total               371                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.211765                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.266304                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.209913                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.264151                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.209913                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.264151                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 3212299.961538                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 1011260.458333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1595209.714286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 3212299.961538                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 1011260.458333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1595209.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 3212299.961538                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 1011260.458333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1595209.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks                 51                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                      51                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           72                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             98                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           72                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total              98                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           72                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total             98                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     81236999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     66489153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    147726152                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     81236999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     66489153                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    147726152                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     81236999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     66489153                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    147726152                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.211765                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.266304                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.209913                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.264151                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.209913                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.264151                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 3124499.961538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 923460.458333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1507409.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 3124499.961538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 923460.458333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1507409.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 3124499.961538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 923460.458333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1507409.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                          141                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                     2046.544440                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                         118693                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                         2189                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                        54.222476                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.544440                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    26.296640                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data    59.159807                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data        1932.543552                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013938                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.012840                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.028887                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.943625                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total               0.999289                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          283                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                   284                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks             91                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total                  91                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data          286                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                    287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data          286                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                   287                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          114                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total                 141                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data          114                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                  141                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data          114                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total                 141                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     92575388                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    102844848                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     195420236                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     92575388                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    102844848                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total      195420236                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     92575388                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    102844848                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total     195420236                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          397                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total               425                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           91                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total              91                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          400                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total                428                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          400                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total               428                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.287154                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.331765                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.285000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.329439                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.285000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.329439                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 3428718.074074                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 902147.789474                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1385959.120567                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 3428718.074074                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 902147.789474                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1385959.120567                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 3428718.074074                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 902147.789474                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1385959.120567                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks                 67                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                      67                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            141                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          114                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total             141                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          114                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total            141                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     90203987                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     92830762                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    183034749                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     90203987                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     92830762                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    183034749                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     90203987                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     92830762                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    183034749                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.287154                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.331765                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.285000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.329439                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.285000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.329439                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 3340888.407407                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 814304.929825                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1298118.787234                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 3340888.407407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 814304.929825                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1298118.787234                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 3340888.407407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 814304.929825                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1298118.787234                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                          377                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                         113266                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                         2425                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                        46.707629                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks           5.589357                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    14.353327                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   174.853069                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data        1853.204247                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002729                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.007008                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.085377                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.904885                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          344                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                   344                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks            112                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total                 112                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data          344                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                    344                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data          344                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                   344                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          362                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total                 377                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data          362                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                  377                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data          362                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total                 377                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     13079999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    344639922                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     357719921                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     13079999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    344639922                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total      357719921                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     13079999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    344639922                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total     357719921                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          706                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total               721                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          112                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total             112                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          706                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total                721                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          706                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total               721                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.512748                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.522885                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.512748                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.522885                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.512748                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.522885                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 871999.933333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 952043.983425                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 948859.206897                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 871999.933333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 952043.983425                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 948859.206897                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 871999.933333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 952043.983425                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 948859.206897                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks                 77                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                      77                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          362                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            377                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          362                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total             377                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          362                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total            377                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     11762999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    312855204                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    324618203                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     11762999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    312855204                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    324618203                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     11762999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    312855204                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    324618203                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.512748                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.522885                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.512748                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.522885                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.512748                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.522885                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 784199.933333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 864240.895028                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 861056.241379                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 784199.933333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 864240.895028                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 861056.241379                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 784199.933333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 864240.895028                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 861056.241379                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                          184                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2047.970571                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                          51306                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                         2232                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                        22.986559                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks          33.970571                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    12.230616                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data    98.193320                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data        1903.576063                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.016587                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.005972                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.047946                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.929480                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.999986                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          288                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                   288                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks             45                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total                  45                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data          288                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                    288                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data          288                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                   288                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          172                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total                 185                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data          172                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                  185                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data          172                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total                 185                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     10524340                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    130184899                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     140709239                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     10524340                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    130184899                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total      140709239                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     10524340                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    130184899                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total     140709239                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          460                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total               473                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           45                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total              45                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          460                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total                473                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          460                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total               473                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.373913                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.391121                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.373913                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.391121                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.373913                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.391121                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 809564.615385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 756888.947674                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 760590.481081                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 809564.615385                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 756888.947674                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 760590.481081                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 809564.615385                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 756888.947674                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 760590.481081                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks                 26                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                      26                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          172                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            185                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          172                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total             185                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          172                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total            185                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      9382940                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    115168800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    124551740                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      9382940                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    115168800                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    124551740                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      9382940                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    115168800                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    124551740                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.373913                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.391121                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.373913                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.391121                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.373913                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.391121                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 721764.615385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 669586.046512                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 673252.648649                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 721764.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 669586.046512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 673252.648649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 721764.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 669586.046512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 673252.648649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                          147                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2047.422631                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                         135156                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                         2195                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                        61.574487                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks          96.836066                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    14.594638                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data    72.021858                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data        1863.970070                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.047283                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.007126                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.035167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.910142                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.999718                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          329                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                   329                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks            171                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total                 171                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data          329                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                    329                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data          329                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                   329                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          133                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total                 148                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data          133                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                  148                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data          133                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total                 148                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     12726241                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    104838201                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     117564442                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     12726241                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    104838201                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total      117564442                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     12726241                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    104838201                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total     117564442                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          462                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total               477                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          171                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total             171                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          462                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total                477                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          462                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total               477                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.287879                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.310273                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.287879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.310273                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.287879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.310273                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 848416.066667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 788257.150376                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 794354.337838                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 848416.066667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 788257.150376                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 794354.337838                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 848416.066667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 788257.150376                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 794354.337838                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks                 93                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                      93                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          133                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            148                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          133                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total             148                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          133                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total            148                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     11408878                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     93245991                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    104654869                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     11408878                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     93245991                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    104654869                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     11408878                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     93245991                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    104654869                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.287879                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.310273                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.287879                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.310273                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.287879                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.310273                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 760591.866667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 701097.676692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 707127.493243                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 760591.866667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 701097.676692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 707127.493243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 760591.866667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 701097.676692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 707127.493243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                          141                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2046.545081                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                         118693                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                         2189                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                        54.222476                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.545081                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    26.300870                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data    59.265871                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data        1932.433259                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013938                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.012842                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.028938                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.943571                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.999290                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          283                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                   284                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks             91                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total                  91                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data          286                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                    287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data          286                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                   287                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          114                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total                 141                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data          114                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                  141                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data          114                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total                 141                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     82952915                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     99485393                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     182438308                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     82952915                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     99485393                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total      182438308                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     82952915                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     99485393                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total     182438308                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          397                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total               425                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           91                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total              91                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          400                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total                428                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          400                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total               428                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.287154                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.331765                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.285000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.329439                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.285000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.329439                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 3072330.185185                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 872678.885965                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1293888.709220                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 3072330.185185                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 872678.885965                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1293888.709220                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 3072330.185185                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 872678.885965                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1293888.709220                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks                 67                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                      67                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            141                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          114                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total             141                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          114                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total            141                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     80581711                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     89472570                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    170054281                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     80581711                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     89472570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    170054281                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     80581711                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     89472570                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    170054281                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.287154                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.331765                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.285000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.329439                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.285000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.329439                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2984507.814815                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 784847.105263                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1206058.730496                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2984507.814815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 784847.105263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1206058.730496                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2984507.814815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 784847.105263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1206058.730496                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              472.554389                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs              750129988                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  483                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1553064.157350                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    17.554389                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.028132                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.757299                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       122021                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        122021                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       122021                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total         122021                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       122021                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total        122021                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    131140533                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    131140533                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    131140533                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    131140533                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    131140533                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    131140533                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       122062                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       122062                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       122062                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total       122062                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       122062                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total       122062                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000336                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000336                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000336                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000336                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000336                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000336                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 3198549.585366                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3198549.585366                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 3198549.585366                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3198549.585366                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 3198549.585366                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3198549.585366                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1483571                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 741785.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     80326351                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     80326351                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     80326351                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     80326351                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     80326351                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     80326351                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000229                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000229                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000229                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000229                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000229                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000229                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2868798.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2868798.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2868798.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2868798.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2868798.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2868798.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                  343                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              108893371                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                  599                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             181791.938230                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   117.298032                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data   138.701968                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.458195                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.541805                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        96348                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         96348                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        70544                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        70544                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          172                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          172                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data       166892                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total         166892                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data       166892                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total        166892                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          846                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          846                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data          858                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total          858                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data          858                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total          858                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    194857927                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    194857927                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       992744                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       992744                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    195850671                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    195850671                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    195850671                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    195850671                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        97194                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        97194                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        70556                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        70556                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          172                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          172                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       167750                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total       167750                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       167750                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total       167750                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008704                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008704                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000170                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000170                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005115                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005115                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005115                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005115                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 230328.518913                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 230328.518913                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 82728.666667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82728.666667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 228264.185315                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 228264.185315                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 228264.185315                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 228264.185315                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           79                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total              79                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          515                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          515                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          343                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          343                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     91330023                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     91330023                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       208353                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       208353                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     91538376                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     91538376                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     91538376                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     91538376                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003498                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003498                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002045                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002045                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002045                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002045                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 268617.714706                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 268617.714706                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data        69451                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        69451                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 266875.731778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 266875.731778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 266875.731778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 266875.731778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              502.277033                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              746680929                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1484455.127237                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    27.277033                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.043713                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.804931                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       119391                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        119391                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       119391                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total         119391                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       119391                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total        119391                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     96304265                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     96304265                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     96304265                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     96304265                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     96304265                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     96304265                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       119431                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       119431                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       119431                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total       119431                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       119431                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total       119431                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000335                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000335                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000335                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000335                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000335                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000335                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2407606.625000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2407606.625000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2407606.625000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2407606.625000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2407606.625000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2407606.625000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       899702                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       449851                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     88901845                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     88901845                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     88901845                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     88901845                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     88901845                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     88901845                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000234                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000234                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000234                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000234                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000234                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000234                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 3175065.892857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3175065.892857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 3175065.892857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3175065.892857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 3175065.892857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3175065.892857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                  400                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              112792446                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                  656                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             171939.704268                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   157.680721                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    98.319279                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.615940                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.384060                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        80711                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         80711                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        67308                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        67308                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          162                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          162                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data       148019                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total         148019                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data       148019                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total        148019                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1290                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1290                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1304                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total         1304                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1304                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total         1304                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    404883936                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    404883936                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      1162208                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1162208                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    406046144                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    406046144                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    406046144                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    406046144                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        82001                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        82001                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        67322                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        67322                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          162                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          162                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       149323                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total       149323                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       149323                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total       149323                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.015732                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015732                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000208                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000208                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008733                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008733                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008733                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008733                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 313863.516279                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 313863.516279                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 83014.857143                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83014.857143                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 311385.079755                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 311385.079755                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 311385.079755                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 311385.079755                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           91                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total              91                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          893                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          893                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          904                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          904                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          400                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          400                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    114775952                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    114775952                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    114968252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    114968252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    114968252                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    114968252                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.004841                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004841                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002679                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002679                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002679                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002679                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 289108.191436                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 289108.191436                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 287420.630000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 287420.630000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 287420.630000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 287420.630000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              538.246918                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              643363721                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  539                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1193624.714286                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    12.246918                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.019626                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.842949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.862575                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       116685                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        116685                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       116685                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total         116685                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       116685                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total        116685                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     12822500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     12822500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     12822500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     12822500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     12822500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     12822500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       116702                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       116702                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       116702                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total       116702                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       116702                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total       116702                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000146                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000146                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000146                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000146                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000146                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000146                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 754264.705882                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 754264.705882                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 754264.705882                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 754264.705882                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 754264.705882                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 754264.705882                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     10903048                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10903048                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     10903048                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     10903048                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     10903048                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     10903048                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst       838696                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       838696                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst       838696                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       838696                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst       838696                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       838696                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                  461                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              150634866                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                  717                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             210090.468619                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   141.260795                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data   114.739205                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.551800                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.448200                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       158648                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        158648                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        36114                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        36114                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           84                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           84                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           84                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           84                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data       194762                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total         194762                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data       194762                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total        194762                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1660                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1660                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1660                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total         1660                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1660                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total         1660                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    669148340                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    669148340                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    669148340                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    669148340                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    669148340                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    669148340                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       160308                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       160308                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        36114                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        36114                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           84                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           84                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           84                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           84                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       196422                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total       196422                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       196422                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total       196422                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.010355                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010355                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008451                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008451                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008451                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008451                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 403101.409639                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 403101.409639                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 403101.409639                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 403101.409639                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 403101.409639                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 403101.409639                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           45                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total              45                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1199                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1199                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1199                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1199                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1199                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1199                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          461                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          461                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          461                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          461                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          461                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          461                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    145579826                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    145579826                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    145579826                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    145579826                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    145579826                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    145579826                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002876                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002876                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002347                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002347                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002347                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002347                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 315791.379610                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 315791.379610                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 315791.379610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 315791.379610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 315791.379610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 315791.379610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              502.262491                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              746681068                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1484455.403579                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    27.262491                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.043690                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.804908                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       119530                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        119530                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       119530                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total         119530                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       119530                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total        119530                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     96610391                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     96610391                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     96610391                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     96610391                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     96610391                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     96610391                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       119569                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       119569                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       119569                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total       119569                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       119569                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total       119569                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000326                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000326                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000326                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000326                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000326                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000326                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2477189.512821                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2477189.512821                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2477189.512821                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2477189.512821                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2477189.512821                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2477189.512821                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       633856                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       633856                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     83625462                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     83625462                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     83625462                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     83625462                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     83625462                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     83625462                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000234                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000234                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000234                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000234                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000234                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000234                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2986623.642857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2986623.642857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2986623.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2986623.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2986623.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2986623.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                  400                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              112792421                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                  656                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             171939.666159                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   157.636934                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    98.363066                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.615769                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.384231                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        80757                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         80757                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        67236                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        67236                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          162                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          162                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data       147993                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total         147993                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data       147993                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total        147993                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1292                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1292                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1306                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total         1306                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1306                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total         1306                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    421983327                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    421983327                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      1156700                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1156700                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    423140027                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    423140027                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    423140027                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    423140027                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        82049                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        82049                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        67250                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        67250                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          162                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          162                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       149299                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total       149299                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       149299                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total       149299                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.015747                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015747                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000208                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000208                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008748                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008748                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008748                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008748                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 326612.482198                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 326612.482198                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 82621.428571                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82621.428571                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 323996.957887                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 323996.957887                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 323996.957887                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 323996.957887                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           91                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total              91                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          895                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          895                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          906                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          906                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          906                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          906                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          400                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          400                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    116530751                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    116530751                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    116723051                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    116723051                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    116723051                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    116723051                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.004839                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004839                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002679                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002679                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002679                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002679                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 293528.340050                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 293528.340050                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 291807.627500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 291807.627500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 291807.627500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 291807.627500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              555.546870                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              765680793                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  556                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1377123.728417                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    12.546870                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.020107                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.890299                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       104776                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        104776                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       104776                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total         104776                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       104776                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total        104776                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     16562357                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     16562357                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     16562357                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     16562357                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     16562357                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     16562357                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       104794                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       104794                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       104794                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total       104794                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       104794                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total       104794                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000172                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000172                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000172                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000172                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000172                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000172                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 920130.944444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 920130.944444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 920130.944444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 920130.944444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 920130.944444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 920130.944444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     12284903                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12284903                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     12284903                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     12284903                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     12284903                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     12284903                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 944992.538462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 944992.538462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 944992.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 944992.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 944992.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 944992.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                  709                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              287932013                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                  965                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             298375.143005                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   101.565923                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data   154.434077                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.396742                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.603258                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       266817                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        266817                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       145383                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       145383                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           71                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           71                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           70                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           70                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data       412200                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total         412200                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data       412200                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total        412200                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2644                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2644                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2644                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total         2644                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2644                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total         2644                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1425779610                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1425779610                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1425779610                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1425779610                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1425779610                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1425779610                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       269461                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       269461                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       145383                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       145383                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           71                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           71                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           70                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           70                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       414844                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total       414844                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       414844                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total       414844                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.009812                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009812                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006373                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006373                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006373                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006373                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 539250.987141                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 539250.987141                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 539250.987141                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 539250.987141                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 539250.987141                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 539250.987141                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          112                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total             112                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1935                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1935                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1935                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1935                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1935                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1935                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          709                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          709                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          709                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          709                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          709                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          709                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    376257720                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    376257720                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    376257720                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    376257720                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    376257720                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    376257720                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002631                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002631                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.001709                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001709                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.001709                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001709                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 530687.898449                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 530687.898449                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 530687.898449                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 530687.898449                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 530687.898449                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 530687.898449                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              501.411042                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              750383574                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1494787.996016                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    12.411042                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.019889                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.783654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.803543                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst        91124                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         91124                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst        91124                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total          91124                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst        91124                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total         91124                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     15784187                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     15784187                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     15784187                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     15784187                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     15784187                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     15784187                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst        91142                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        91142                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst        91142                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total        91142                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst        91142                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total        91142                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000197                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000197                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000197                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000197                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000197                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000197                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 876899.277778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 876899.277778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 876899.277778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 876899.277778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 876899.277778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 876899.277778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     11951381                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11951381                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     11951381                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     11951381                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     11951381                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     11951381                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst       919337                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       919337                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst       919337                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       919337                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst       919337                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       919337                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                  788                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              125035449                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                 1044                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             119765.755747                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   173.301042                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    82.698958                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.676957                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.323043                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        68523                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         68523                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        55226                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        55226                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          114                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          114                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          110                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          110                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data       123749                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total         123749                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data       123749                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total        123749                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1891                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1891                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          368                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          368                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2259                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total         2259                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2259                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total         2259                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1230262068                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1230262068                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    340774285                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    340774285                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1571036353                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1571036353                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1571036353                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1571036353                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        70414                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        70414                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        55594                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        55594                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          114                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          114                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          110                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          110                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       126008                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total       126008                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       126008                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total       126008                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.026855                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.026855                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.006619                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006619                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.017927                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.017927                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.017927                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.017927                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 650588.084611                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 650588.084611                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 926017.078804                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 926017.078804                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 695456.552900                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 695456.552900                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 695456.552900                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 695456.552900                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          358                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total             358                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1139                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1139                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          331                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          331                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1470                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1470                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1470                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1470                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          752                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          752                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           37                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          789                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          789                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          789                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          789                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    481485085                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    481485085                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     37708079                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     37708079                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    519193164                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    519193164                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    519193164                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    519193164                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.010680                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010680                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000666                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000666                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.006262                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006262                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.006262                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006262                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 640272.719415                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 640272.719415                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 1019137.270270                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1019137.270270                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 658039.498099                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 658039.498099                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 658039.498099                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 658039.498099                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              501.419953                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              750383255                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1494787.360558                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    12.419953                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.019904                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.783654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.803558                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst        90805                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         90805                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst        90805                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total          90805                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst        90805                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total         90805                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     13403313                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     13403313                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     13403313                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     13403313                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     13403313                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     13403313                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst        90821                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        90821                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst        90821                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total        90821                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst        90821                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total        90821                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000176                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000176                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000176                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000176                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000176                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000176                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 837707.062500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 837707.062500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 837707.062500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 837707.062500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 837707.062500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 837707.062500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     12301938                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12301938                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     12301938                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     12301938                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     12301938                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     12301938                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 946302.923077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 946302.923077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 946302.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 946302.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 946302.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 946302.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                  778                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              125035663                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                 1034                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             120924.238878                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   174.231294                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    81.768706                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.680591                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.319409                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        68899                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         68899                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        55066                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        55066                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          114                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          114                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          108                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          108                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data       123965                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total         123965                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data       123965                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total        123965                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1848                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1848                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          345                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          345                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2193                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total         2193                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2193                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total         2193                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1218470440                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1218470440                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    296931934                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    296931934                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1515402374                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1515402374                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1515402374                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1515402374                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        70747                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        70747                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        55411                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        55411                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          114                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          114                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          108                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          108                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       126158                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total       126158                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       126158                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total       126158                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.026121                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.026121                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006226                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006226                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.017383                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.017383                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.017383                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.017383                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 659345.476190                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 659345.476190                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 860672.272464                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 860672.272464                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 691017.954400                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 691017.954400                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 691017.954400                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 691017.954400                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          355                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total             355                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1108                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1108                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          307                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          307                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1415                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1415                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1415                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1415                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          740                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          740                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           38                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          778                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          778                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          778                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          778                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    471684377                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    471684377                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     35125584                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     35125584                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    506809961                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    506809961                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    506809961                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    506809961                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.010460                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010460                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000686                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000686                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006167                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006167                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006167                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006167                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 637411.320270                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 637411.320270                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 924357.473684                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 924357.473684                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 651426.685090                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 651426.685090                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 651426.685090                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 651426.685090                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              472.522322                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              750129878                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  483                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1553063.929607                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    17.522322                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.028081                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.757247                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       121911                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        121911                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       121911                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total         121911                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       121911                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total        121911                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    153959336                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    153959336                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    153959336                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    153959336                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    153959336                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    153959336                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       121951                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       121951                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       121951                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total       121951                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       121951                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total       121951                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000328                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000328                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000328                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000328                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000328                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000328                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3848983.400000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3848983.400000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3848983.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3848983.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3848983.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3848983.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      3426368                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       856592                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     95664580                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     95664580                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     95664580                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     95664580                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     95664580                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     95664580                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000230                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000230                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000230                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000230                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000230                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000230                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3416592.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3416592.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3416592.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3416592.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3416592.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3416592.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                  343                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              108893180                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                  599                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             181791.619366                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   117.289299                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data   138.710701                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.458161                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.541839                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        96240                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         96240                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        70461                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        70461                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          172                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          172                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data       166701                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total         166701                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data       166701                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total        166701                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          846                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          846                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data          858                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total          858                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data          858                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total          858                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    195279797                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    195279797                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       993503                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       993503                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    196273300                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    196273300                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    196273300                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    196273300                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        97086                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        97086                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        70473                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        70473                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          172                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          172                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       167559                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total       167559                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       167559                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total       167559                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008714                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008714                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000170                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000170                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005121                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005121                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005121                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005121                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 230827.183215                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 230827.183215                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 82791.916667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82791.916667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 228756.759907                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 228756.759907                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 228756.759907                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 228756.759907                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           79                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total              79                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          515                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          515                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          343                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          343                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     89272618                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     89272618                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       208451                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       208451                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     89481069                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     89481069                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     89481069                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     89481069                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003502                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003502                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002047                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002047                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002047                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002047                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 262566.523529                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 262566.523529                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 69483.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69483.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 260877.752187                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 260877.752187                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 260877.752187                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 260877.752187                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              495.733643                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              747244323                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1506540.973790                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    13.733643                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.022009                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794445                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       117046                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        117046                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       117046                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total         117046                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       117046                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total        117046                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           25                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           25                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     20858443                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     20858443                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     20858443                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     20858443                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     20858443                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     20858443                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       117071                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       117071                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       117071                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total       117071                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       117071                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total       117071                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000214                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000214                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000214                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000214                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000214                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000214                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 834337.720000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 834337.720000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 834337.720000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 834337.720000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 834337.720000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 834337.720000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     15390310                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15390310                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     15390310                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     15390310                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     15390310                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     15390310                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1099307.857143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1099307.857143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1099307.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1099307.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1099307.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1099307.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                  459                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              117744883                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                  715                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             164678.158042                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   157.112045                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    98.887955                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.613719                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.386281                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        80488                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         80488                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        67366                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        67366                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          166                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          166                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          154                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          154                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data       147854                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total         147854                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data       147854                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total        147854                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1590                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1590                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          100                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          100                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1690                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total         1690                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1690                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total         1690                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    527717650                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    527717650                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    100450814                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    100450814                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    628168464                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    628168464                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    628168464                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    628168464                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        82078                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        82078                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        67466                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        67466                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          166                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          166                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          154                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          154                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       149544                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total       149544                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       149544                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total       149544                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.019372                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019372                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.001482                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001482                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.011301                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011301                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.011301                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011301                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 331897.893082                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 331897.893082                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 1004508.140000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1004508.140000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 371697.315976                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 371697.315976                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 371697.315976                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 371697.315976                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      2862194                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets      1431097                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          170                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total             170                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1130                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1130                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data           99                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           99                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1229                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1229                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1229                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1229                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          461                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          461                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          461                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          461                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    128577414                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    128577414                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      1102035                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1102035                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    129679449                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    129679449                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    129679449                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    129679449                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005604                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005604                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003083                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003083                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003083                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003083                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 279516.117391                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 279516.117391                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      1102035                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1102035                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 281300.323210                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 281300.323210                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 281300.323210                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 281300.323210                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              501.422565                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              750384383                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1494789.607570                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    12.422565                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.019908                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.783654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.803562                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst        91933                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         91933                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst        91933                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total          91933                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst        91933                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total         91933                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     10005184                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10005184                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     10005184                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     10005184                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     10005184                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     10005184                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst        91951                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        91951                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst        91951                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total        91951                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst        91951                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total        91951                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000196                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000196                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000196                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000196                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000196                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000196                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 555843.555556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 555843.555556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 555843.555556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 555843.555556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 555843.555556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 555843.555556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      8646594                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8646594                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      8646594                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8646594                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      8646594                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8646594                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000141                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000141                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000141                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000141                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000141                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000141                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 665122.615385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 665122.615385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 665122.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 665122.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 665122.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 665122.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                  790                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              125036796                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                 1046                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             119538.045889                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   174.577844                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    81.422156                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.681945                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.318055                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        69414                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         69414                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        55683                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        55683                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          113                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          113                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          110                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          110                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data       125097                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total         125097                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data       125097                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total        125097                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1888                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1888                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          344                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          344                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2232                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total         2232                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2232                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total         2232                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1166144601                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1166144601                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    319714766                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    319714766                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1485859367                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1485859367                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1485859367                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1485859367                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        71302                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        71302                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        56027                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        56027                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          113                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          113                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          110                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          110                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       127329                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total       127329                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       127329                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total       127329                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.026479                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.026479                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006140                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006140                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.017529                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.017529                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.017529                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.017529                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 617661.335275                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 617661.335275                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 929403.389535                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 929403.389535                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 665707.601703                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 665707.601703                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 665707.601703                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 665707.601703                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          357                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total             357                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1137                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1137                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          305                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          305                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1442                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1442                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1442                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1442                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          751                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          751                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           39                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          790                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          790                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          790                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          790                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    448926996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    448926996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     38998688                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     38998688                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    487925684                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    487925684                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    487925684                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    487925684                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.010533                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010533                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000696                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000696                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006204                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006204                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006204                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006204                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 597772.298269                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 597772.298269                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 999966.358974                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 999966.358974                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 617627.448101                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 617627.448101                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 617627.448101                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 617627.448101                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              472.554245                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              750130020                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  483                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1553064.223602                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    17.554245                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.028132                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.757298                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       122053                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        122053                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       122053                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total         122053                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       122053                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total        122053                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    136347442                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    136347442                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    136347442                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    136347442                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    136347442                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    136347442                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       122093                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       122093                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       122093                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total       122093                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       122093                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total       122093                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000328                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000328                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000328                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000328                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000328                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000328                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 3408686.050000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3408686.050000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 3408686.050000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3408686.050000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 3408686.050000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3408686.050000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1484465                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 742232.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     83865365                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     83865365                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     83865365                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     83865365                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     83865365                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     83865365                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000229                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000229                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000229                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000229                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000229                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000229                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2995191.607143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2995191.607143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2995191.607143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2995191.607143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2995191.607143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2995191.607143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                  343                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              108893407                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                  599                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             181791.998331                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   117.325952                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data   138.674048                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.458304                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.541696                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        96372                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         96372                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        70556                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        70556                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          172                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          172                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data       166928                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total         166928                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data       166928                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total        166928                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          846                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          846                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data          858                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total          858                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data          858                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total          858                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    191537455                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    191537455                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       993104                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       993104                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    192530559                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    192530559                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    192530559                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    192530559                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        97218                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        97218                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        70568                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        70568                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          172                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          172                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       167786                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total       167786                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       167786                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total       167786                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008702                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008702                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000170                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000170                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005114                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005114                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005114                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005114                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 226403.611111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 226403.611111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 82758.666667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82758.666667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 224394.590909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 224394.590909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 224394.590909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 224394.590909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           79                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total              79                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          515                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          515                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          343                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          343                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     90846259                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     90846259                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       208383                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       208383                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     91054642                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     91054642                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     91054642                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     91054642                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.003497                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003497                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002044                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002044                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002044                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002044                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 267194.879412                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 267194.879412                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data        69461                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        69461                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 265465.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 265465.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 265465.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 265465.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              502.278260                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              746680545                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1484454.363817                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    27.278260                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.043715                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.804933                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       119007                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        119007                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       119007                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total         119007                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       119007                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total        119007                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    110139915                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    110139915                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    110139915                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    110139915                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    110139915                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    110139915                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       119047                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       119047                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       119047                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total       119047                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       119047                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total       119047                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000336                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000336                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000336                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000336                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000336                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000336                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2753497.875000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2753497.875000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2753497.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2753497.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2753497.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2753497.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       898665                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 449332.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     92865788                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     92865788                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     92865788                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     92865788                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     92865788                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     92865788                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000235                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000235                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000235                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000235                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000235                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000235                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 3316635.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3316635.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 3316635.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3316635.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 3316635.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3316635.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                  400                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              112791917                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                  656                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             171938.897866                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   157.293821                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    98.706179                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.614429                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.385571                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        80437                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         80437                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        67053                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        67053                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          162                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          162                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data       147490                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total         147490                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data       147490                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total        147490                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1286                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1286                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1300                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total         1300                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1300                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total         1300                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    441081823                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    441081823                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      1163860                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1163860                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    442245683                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    442245683                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    442245683                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    442245683                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        81723                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        81723                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        67067                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        67067                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          162                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          162                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       148790                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total       148790                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       148790                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total       148790                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.015736                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015736                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000209                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000209                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008737                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008737                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008737                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008737                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 342987.420684                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 342987.420684                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 83132.857143                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83132.857143                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 340188.986923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 340188.986923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 340188.986923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 340188.986923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           91                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total              91                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          889                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          889                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          900                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          900                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          400                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          400                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    122164428                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    122164428                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    122356728                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    122356728                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    122356728                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    122356728                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.004858                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004858                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002688                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002688                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002688                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002688                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 307718.962217                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 307718.962217                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 305891.820000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 305891.820000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 305891.820000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 305891.820000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              557.352080                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              765680734                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  558                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1372187.695341                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    14.352080                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.023000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.893192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       104717                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        104717                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       104717                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total         104717                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       104717                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total        104717                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     16066498                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     16066498                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     16066498                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     16066498                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     16066498                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     16066498                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       104737                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       104737                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       104737                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total       104737                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       104737                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total       104737                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000191                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000191                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000191                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000191                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000191                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000191                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 803324.900000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 803324.900000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 803324.900000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 803324.900000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 803324.900000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 803324.900000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     13229343                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13229343                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     13229343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     13229343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     13229343                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     13229343                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 881956.200000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 881956.200000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 881956.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 881956.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 881956.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 881956.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                  706                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              287930939                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                  962                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             299304.510395                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   101.476193                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data   154.523807                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.396391                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.603609                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       266098                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        266098                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       145028                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       145028                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           71                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           71                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           70                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           70                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data       411126                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total         411126                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data       411126                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total        411126                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2619                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2619                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2619                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total         2619                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2619                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total         2619                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1422823410                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1422823410                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1422823410                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1422823410                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1422823410                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1422823410                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       268717                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       268717                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       145028                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       145028                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           71                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           71                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           70                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           70                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       413745                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total       413745                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       413745                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total       413745                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009746                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009746                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.006330                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006330                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.006330                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006330                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 543269.725086                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 543269.725086                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 543269.725086                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 543269.725086                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 543269.725086                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 543269.725086                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          112                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total             112                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1913                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1913                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1913                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1913                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1913                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1913                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          706                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          706                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          706                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          706                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          706                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          706                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    371165359                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    371165359                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    371165359                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    371165359                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    371165359                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    371165359                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.001706                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001706                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.001706                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001706                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 525729.970255                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 525729.970255                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 525729.970255                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 525729.970255                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 525729.970255                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 525729.970255                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              538.229555                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              643363166                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  539                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1193623.684601                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    12.229555                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.019599                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.842949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.862547                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       116130                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        116130                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       116130                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total         116130                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       116130                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total        116130                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     12295006                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     12295006                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     12295006                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     12295006                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     12295006                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     12295006                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       116144                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       116144                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       116144                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total       116144                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       116144                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total       116144                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000121                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000121                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000121                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000121                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000121                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000121                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 878214.714286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 878214.714286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 878214.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 878214.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 878214.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 878214.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     10632240                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10632240                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     10632240                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     10632240                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     10632240                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     10632240                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000112                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000112                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 817864.615385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 817864.615385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 817864.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 817864.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 817864.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 817864.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                  459                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              150634175                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                  715                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             210677.167832                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   142.015147                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data   113.984853                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.554747                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.445253                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       158213                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        158213                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        35862                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        35862                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data       194075                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total         194075                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data       194075                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total        194075                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1654                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1654                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1654                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total         1654                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1654                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total         1654                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    700045118                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    700045118                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    700045118                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    700045118                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    700045118                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    700045118                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       159867                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       159867                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        35862                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        35862                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       195729                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total       195729                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       195729                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total       195729                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.010346                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010346                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008450                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008450                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008450                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008450                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 423243.723096                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 423243.723096                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 423243.723096                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 423243.723096                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 423243.723096                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 423243.723096                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           45                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total              45                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1194                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1194                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1194                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1194                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1194                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1194                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          460                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          460                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          460                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          460                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    150502850                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    150502850                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    150502850                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    150502850                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    150502850                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    150502850                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002877                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002877                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002350                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002350                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002350                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002350                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 327180.108696                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 327180.108696                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 327180.108696                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 327180.108696                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 327180.108696                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 327180.108696                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              496.593413                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              747244274                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  497                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1503509.605634                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    14.593413                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.023387                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.795823                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       116997                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        116997                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       116997                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total         116997                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       116997                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total        116997                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           28                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     21160372                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     21160372                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     21160372                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     21160372                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     21160372                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     21160372                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       117025                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       117025                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       117025                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total       117025                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       117025                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total       117025                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000239                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000239                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000239                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000239                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000239                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000239                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 755727.571429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 755727.571429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 755727.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 755727.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 755727.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 755727.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     12851036                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12851036                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     12851036                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     12851036                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     12851036                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     12851036                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000128                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000128                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000128                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000128                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000128                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000128                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 856735.733333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 856735.733333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 856735.733333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 856735.733333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 856735.733333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 856735.733333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                  461                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              117744871                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                  717                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             164218.788006                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   157.595040                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    98.404960                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.615606                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.384394                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        80425                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         80425                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        67412                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        67412                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          154                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          154                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data       147837                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total         147837                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data       147837                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total        147837                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1607                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1607                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           99                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           99                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1706                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total         1706                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1706                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total         1706                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    554851641                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    554851641                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     76397867                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     76397867                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    631249508                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    631249508                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    631249508                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    631249508                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        82032                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        82032                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        67511                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        67511                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          154                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          154                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       149543                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total       149543                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       149543                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total       149543                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.019590                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019590                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.001466                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001466                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.011408                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011408                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.011408                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011408                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 345271.711886                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 345271.711886                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 771695.626263                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 771695.626263                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 370017.296600                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 370017.296600                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 370017.296600                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 370017.296600                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      1943413                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 647804.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          171                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total             171                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1145                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1145                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data           99                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           99                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1244                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1244                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1244                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1244                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          462                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          462                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          462                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          462                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          462                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          462                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    127435186                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    127435186                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    127435186                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    127435186                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    127435186                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    127435186                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.005632                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005632                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003089                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003089                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003089                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003089                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 275833.735931                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 275833.735931                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 275833.735931                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 275833.735931                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 275833.735931                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 275833.735931                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              502.282883                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              746680702                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1484454.675944                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    27.282883                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.043723                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.804941                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       119164                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        119164                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       119164                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total         119164                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       119164                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total        119164                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           37                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     95976957                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     95976957                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     95976957                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     95976957                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     95976957                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     95976957                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       119201                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       119201                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       119201                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total       119201                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       119201                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total       119201                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000310                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000310                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000310                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000310                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000310                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000310                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2593971.810811                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2593971.810811                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2593971.810811                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2593971.810811                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2593971.810811                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2593971.810811                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       900344                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       450172                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     83241115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     83241115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     83241115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     83241115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     83241115                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     83241115                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000235                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000235                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000235                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000235                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000235                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000235                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2972896.964286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2972896.964286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2972896.964286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2972896.964286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2972896.964286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2972896.964286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                  400                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              112791885                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                  656                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             171938.849085                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   157.521463                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    98.478537                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.615318                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.384682                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        80389                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         80389                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        67069                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        67069                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          162                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          162                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data       147458                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total         147458                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data       147458                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total        147458                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1300                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1300                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1314                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total         1314                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1314                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total         1314                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    416002028                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    416002028                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      1156110                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1156110                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    417158138                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    417158138                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    417158138                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    417158138                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        81689                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        81689                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        67083                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        67083                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          162                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          162                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       148772                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total       148772                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       148772                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total       148772                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.015914                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015914                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000209                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000209                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008832                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008832                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008832                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008832                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 320001.560000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 320001.560000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 82579.285714                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82579.285714                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 317471.946728                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 317471.946728                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 317471.946728                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 317471.946728                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           91                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total              91                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          903                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          903                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          914                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          914                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          400                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          400                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    118804469                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    118804469                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    118996769                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    118996769                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    118996769                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    118996769                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.004860                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004860                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002689                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002689                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002689                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002689                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 299255.589421                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 299255.589421                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 297491.922500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 297491.922500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 297491.922500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 297491.922500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
