
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.132145                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                132144968136                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               697443399963                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 297030                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   378243                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                2092741                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67760036                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 63144.44                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 18755796169                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   23883950175                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data      2667008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data      1795072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         5504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data      1304960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data      1798016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data      2678272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data      1304448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data      5192960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         5632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data      1797888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data      1304832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data      4429056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data      4439168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data      1795200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data      2667648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         5632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data      1797760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data      2670976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data      1799168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             39524864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         5504                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         5632                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         5632                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           82432                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     10504192                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total          10504192                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data        20836                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data        14024                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           43                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data        10195                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data        14047                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data        20924                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data        10191                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data        40570                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           44                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data        14046                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data        10194                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data        34602                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data        34681                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data        14025                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data        20841                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           44                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data        14045                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data        20867                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data        14056                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                308788                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           82064                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                82064                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst        33902                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     20182441                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst        40683                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     13584112                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst        41651                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data      9875215                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst        40683                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     13606390                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst        34871                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     20267681                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst        40683                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data      9871341                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst        37777                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     39297448                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst        42620                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     13605422                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst        40683                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data      9874247                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst        37777                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     33516645                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst        37777                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     33593167                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst        40683                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     13585080                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst        34871                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     20187284                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst        42620                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     13604453                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst        36808                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     20212468                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst        39714                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     13615108                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               299102301                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst        33902                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst        40683                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst        41651                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst        40683                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst        34871                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst        40683                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst        37777                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst        42620                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst        40683                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst        37777                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst        37777                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst        40683                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst        34871                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst        42620                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst        36808                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst        39714                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             623800                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          79489913                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               79489913                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          79489913                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst        33902                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     20182441                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst        40683                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     13584112                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst        41651                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data      9875215                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst        40683                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     13606390                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst        34871                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     20267681                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst        40683                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data      9871341                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst        37777                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     39297448                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst        42620                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     13605422                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst        40683                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data      9874247                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst        37777                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     33516645                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst        37777                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     33593167                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst        40683                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     13585080                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst        34871                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     20187284                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst        42620                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     13604453                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst        36808                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     20212468                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst        39714                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     13615108                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              378592214                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                 29                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles              316894409                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups       21814632                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19471722                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1740993                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     14502280                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits       14213769                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1311016                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        52284                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles    230410185                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts            123944928                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches          21814632                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches     15524785                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles            27625067                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles       5726228                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles      9411753                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           29                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines        13945935                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1708833                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples    271422474                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.511700                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.748002                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0      243797407     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1        4203612      1.55%     91.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2        2134529      0.79%     92.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3        4159950      1.53%     93.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4        1337041      0.49%     94.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5        3842720      1.42%     95.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6         608707      0.22%     95.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7         987830      0.36%     96.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8       10350678      3.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total    271422474                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.068839                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.391124                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles      228398129                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles     11476855                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles        27570237                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles        22187                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles      3955062                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved      2064533                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred        20377                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts    138667874                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts        38359                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles      3955062                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles      228629235                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles       7417179                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles      3324772                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles        27339001                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles       757221                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts    138464068                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents          249                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents       107043                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents       569400                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands    181488064                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups    627620469                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups    627620469                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps    147034306                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps       34453732                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts        18611                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts         9421                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts         1794908                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads     24955568                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores      4067030                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads        26515                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores       927938                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded        137753778                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        18672                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued       128946183                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        83035                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     24985691                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     51171335                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          138                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    271422474                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.475076                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.088932                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    214927971     79.19%     79.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     17744906      6.54%     85.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     18937763      6.98%     92.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10957099      4.04%     96.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5680016      2.09%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1419683      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1682490      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        39333      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        33213      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    271422474                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        215616     57.19%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead        88569     23.49%     80.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        72860     19.32%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    101127774     78.43%     78.43% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1012760      0.79%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         9190      0.01%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     22764191     17.65%     96.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      4032268      3.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total    128946183                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.406906                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt            377045                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002924                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    529774919                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    162758485                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    125663447                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses    129323228                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       101882                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      5117502                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          136                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          351                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       101085                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles      3955062                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles       6587537                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles        92278                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    137772550                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        18268                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     24955568                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      4067030                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         9414                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents        46132                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2639                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          351                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1174122                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       672339                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts      1846461                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts    127314413                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     22443311                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1631769                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                 100                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs           26475396                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches       19342531                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores          4032085                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.401757                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent            125692666                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count           125663447                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers        76025502                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers       165729101                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.396547                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.458734                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100000000                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps    112615979                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts     25162140                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        18534                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts      1730143                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    267467412                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.421046                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.287848                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    225513670     84.31%     84.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     16498513      6.17%     90.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10566889      3.95%     94.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3351162      1.25%     95.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5530294      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1081992      0.40%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       686209      0.26%     98.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       627652      0.23%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3611031      1.35%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    267467412                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts    100000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps    112615979                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs             23804005                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads            19838060                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars              9247                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches         17267929                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts        98436174                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls      1412128                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events      3611031                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads          401634123                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes         279514470                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled               5145239                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles              45471935                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts         100000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps           112615979                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total    100000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     3.168944                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               3.168944                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.315563                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.315563                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads      591737684                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes     163755113                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads     147222065                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes        18516                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                 62                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles              316894409                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups       24477460                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted     20027353                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2393262                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     10348490                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9663493                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2531898                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       109402                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles    235917699                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts            136794127                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches          24477460                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches     12195391                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles            28579524                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles       6500831                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles     12925988                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines        14430315                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2394779                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples    281499700                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.596857                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.931268                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0      252920176     89.85%     89.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1        1339334      0.48%     90.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2        2120942      0.75%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3        2868081      1.02%     92.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4        2951060      1.05%     93.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5        2496469      0.89%     94.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6        1406214      0.50%     94.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7        2073724      0.74%     95.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8       13323700      4.73%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total    281499700                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.077242                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.431671                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles      233488125                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles     15376526                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles        28525870                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles        33099                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles      4076079                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved      4029371                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          386                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts    167883104                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         2020                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles      4076079                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles      234131038                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles       2168240                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles     11722119                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles        27923136                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles      1479085                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts    167817257                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents          211                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents       221621                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents       633477                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands    234153281                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups    780704832                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups    780704832                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps    203342209                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps       30811066                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts        41987                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts        22000                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts         4360247                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads     15724673                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores      8516826                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads       100207                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores      2008542                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded        167608204                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        42138                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued       159306102                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        21846                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18315852                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     43674697                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1829                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    281499700                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.565919                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.258633                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    214069101     76.05%     76.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     27739520      9.85%     85.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     14050890      4.99%     90.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10585319      3.76%     94.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8322693      2.96%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3372523      1.20%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2107979      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1105816      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       145859      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    281499700                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         30523     11.55%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead        97076     36.74%     48.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       136649     51.71%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    133982367     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2374355      1.49%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        19985      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14439619      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8489776      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total    159306102                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.502710                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt            264248                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001659                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    600397998                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    185966842                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    156924952                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses    159570350                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       322941                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2515302                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          136                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          650                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       113759                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles      4076079                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles       1808488                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles       144720                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    167650506                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        64562                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15724673                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8516826                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        22002                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents       121773                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          650                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1396876                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1338034                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts      2734910                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts    157116195                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13588075                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2189907                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                 164                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs           22077519                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches       22334532                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores          8489444                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.495800                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent            156925195                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count           156924952                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers        90080195                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers       242718485                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.495196                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.371130                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts    118536166                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps    145856641                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21793883                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        40309                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts      2423542                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    277423621                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525754                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373037                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    217593068     78.43%     78.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     29648698     10.69%     89.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11208281      4.04%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5341569      1.93%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4501164      1.62%     96.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2583432      0.93%     97.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2256875      0.81%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1020664      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3269870      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    277423621                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts    118536166                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps    145856641                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs             21612434                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads            13209367                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars             20110                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches         21033041                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts       131414651                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls      3003448                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events      3269870                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads          441803469                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes         339377199                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled               3574684                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles              35394709                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts         118536166                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps           145856641                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total    118536166                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.673399                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.673399                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.374056                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.374056                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads      707171544                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes     218591305                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads     155627561                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes        40274                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                 66                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles              316894409                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups       27488726                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted     22889164                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2498101                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     10553141                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits       10069379                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2955171                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       116278                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles    239306050                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts            150867901                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches          27488726                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches     13024550                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles            31441422                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles       6938169                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles     21628546                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.MiscStallCycles         5255                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           84                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines        14856767                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2387225                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples    296798686                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.624496                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.987236                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0      265357264     89.41%     89.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1        1928120      0.65%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2        2438587      0.82%     90.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3        3870409      1.30%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4        1616317      0.54%     92.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5        2083012      0.70%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6        2438587      0.82%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7        1110040      0.37%     94.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8       15956350      5.38%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total    296798686                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.086744                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.476083                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles      237901650                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles     23174435                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles        31289799                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles        16290                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles      4416507                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved      4181793                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          822                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts    184347019                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         3955                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles      4416507                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles      238145333                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles        774324                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles     21720609                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles        31062723                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles       679180                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts    183208386                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents          187                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents        97756                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents       474085                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands    255895049                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups    851974945                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups    851974945                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps    214337378                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps       41557667                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts        44482                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts        23247                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts         2385618                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads     17125824                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores      8978672                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads       106862                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores      2093131                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded        178891004                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        44643                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued       171719053                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       168389                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     21538152                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     43651893                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1815                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    296798686                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578571                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302356                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    224008221     75.47%     75.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     33186865     11.18%     86.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13628498      4.59%     91.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7597157      2.56%     93.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     10278367      3.46%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3169326      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3119454      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1679485      0.57%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       131313      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    296798686                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu       1184352     79.27%     79.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            1      0.00%     79.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead       157243     10.52%     89.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       152427     10.20%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    144652078     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2353376      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        21234      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     15742390      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8949975      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total    171719053                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.541881                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1494023                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008700                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    641899204                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    200474736                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    167265614                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses    173213076                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       129609                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      3179518                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           67                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          941                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       122577                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           15                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles      4416507                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles        587487                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles        74167                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    178935650                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       139125                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     17125824                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8978672                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        23248                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents        64636                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           79                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          941                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1483739                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1399417                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts      2883156                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts    168736024                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     15490071                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2983029                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs           24439343                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches       23858225                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores          8949272                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.532468                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent            167266054                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count           167265614                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers       100228076                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers       269097788                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.527828                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.372460                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts    124722529                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps    153683618                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts     25252716                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        42828                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts      2519325                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    292382179                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525626                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.344522                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    227348908     77.76%     77.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     32952095     11.27%     89.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11959873      4.09%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5972460      2.04%     95.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5450748      1.86%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2294778      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2264392      0.77%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1080237      0.37%     98.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3058688      1.05%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    292382179                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts    124722529                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps    153683618                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs             22802401                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads            13946306                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars             21366                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches         22270255                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts       138365514                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls      3171076                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events      3058688                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads          468258967                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes         362289208                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled               3623667                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles              20095723                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts         124722529                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps           153683618                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total    124722529                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.540795                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.540795                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.393578                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.393578                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads      759319908                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes     233696753                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads     170582479                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes        42792                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                 62                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles              316894409                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups       24507192                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted     20051195                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2396981                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     10367317                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9675949                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2534953                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       109545                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles    236222240                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts            136961136                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches          24507192                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches     12210902                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles            28615022                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles       6508033                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles     12775246                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines        14449071                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2398244                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples    281692451                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.597178                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.931704                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0      253077429     89.84%     89.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1        1340501      0.48%     90.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2        2123086      0.75%     91.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3        2871449      1.02%     92.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4        2956597      1.05%     93.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5        2500357      0.89%     94.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6        1408889      0.50%     94.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7        2075199      0.74%     95.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8       13338944      4.74%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total    281692451                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.077336                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.432198                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles      233787911                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles     15230554                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles        28561718                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles        32735                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles      4079532                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved      4034751                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          387                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts    168088166                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         2028                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles      4079532                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles      234431801                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles       2183979                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles     11558314                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles        27957627                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles      1481195                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts    168022028                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents          203                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents       221466                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents       634687                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands    234433246                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups    781658430                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups    781658430                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps    203587584                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps       30845656                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts        42053                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts        22042                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts         4364431                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads     15743785                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores      8527141                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads       100396                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores      2012583                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded        167813873                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        42200                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued       159501319                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        21890                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18337090                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     43728208                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1843                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    281692451                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566225                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.258881                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    214179332     76.03%     76.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     27771269      9.86%     85.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     14069789      4.99%     90.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10598496      3.76%     94.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8335180      2.96%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3375379      1.20%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2109129      0.75%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1108421      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       145456      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    281692451                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         30510     11.54%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead        97142     36.73%     48.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       136802     51.73%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    134148552     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2376944      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        20009      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14455971      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8499843      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total    159501319                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.503326                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt            264454                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001658                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    600981433                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    186193804                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    157117873                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses    159765773                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       323404                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2518486                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          114                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          643                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       113940                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles      4079532                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles       1823325                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles       145016                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    167856238                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        64259                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15743785                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8527141                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        22044                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents       122139                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          643                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1396881                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1341049                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts      2737930                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts    157308980                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13603679                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2192339                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                 165                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs           22103194                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches       22361782                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores          8499515                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.496408                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent            157118107                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count           157117873                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers        90188597                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers       243017034                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.495805                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.371120                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts    118679218                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps    146032677                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21823583                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        40357                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts      2427296                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    277612919                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526030                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373362                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    217710674     78.42%     78.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     29684302     10.69%     89.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11222088      4.04%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5347451      1.93%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4506542      1.62%     96.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2585634      0.93%     97.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2260374      0.81%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1021568      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3274286      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    277612919                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts    118679218                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps    146032677                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs             21638496                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads            13225295                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars             20134                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches         21058441                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts       131573246                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls      3007075                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events      3274286                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads          442194087                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes         339792124                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled               3579596                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles              35201958                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts         118679218                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps           146032677                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total    118679218                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.670176                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.670176                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.374507                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.374507                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads      708037612                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes     218862298                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads     155816684                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes        40322                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                 29                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles              316893595                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups       21862121                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19515530                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1742377                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     14492549                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits       14244195                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1312885                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        52304                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles    230883867                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts            124218052                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches          21862121                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches     15557080                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles            27682403                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles       5734597                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles      9302150                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           29                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines        13972507                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1710039                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples    271850849                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.511992                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.748550                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0      244168446     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1        4214695      1.55%     91.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2        2137654      0.79%     92.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3        4167658      1.53%     93.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4        1336618      0.49%     94.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5        3849564      1.42%     95.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6         610143      0.22%     95.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7         991125      0.36%     96.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8       10374946      3.82%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total    271850849                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.068989                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.391987                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles      228866266                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles     11373074                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles        27627251                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles        22273                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles      3961981                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved      2068536                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred        20418                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts    138965158                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts        38396                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles      3961981                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles      229097972                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles       7381112                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles      3253746                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles        27395799                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles       760235                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts    138760431                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents          240                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents       107563                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents       572095                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands    181870883                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups    628949632                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups    628949632                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps    147343870                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps       34526916                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts        18631                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts         9424                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts         1804763                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads     25014136                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores      4074226                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads        25925                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores       927050                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded        138050211                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        18693                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued       129223078                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        83133                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     25042729                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     51281383                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          124                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    271850849                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.475346                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.089171                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    215235620     79.17%     79.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     17781868      6.54%     85.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     18977210      6.98%     92.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10982783      4.04%     96.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5692099      2.09%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1423726      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1684704      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        39521      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        33318      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    271850849                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        215516     57.11%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead        88724     23.51%     80.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        73151     19.38%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    101342019     78.42%     78.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1014909      0.79%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         9208      0.01%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     22817078     17.66%     96.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      4039864      3.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total    129223078                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.407781                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt            377391                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002920                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    530757529                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    163111981                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    125934467                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses    129600469                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       101583                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      5131817                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          137                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          357                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       100555                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles      3961981                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles       6552241                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles        92479                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    138069002                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        18286                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     25014136                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      4074226                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         9418                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents        46234                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2679                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          357                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1173459                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       674347                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts      1847806                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts    127589153                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     22495568                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1633925                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                  98                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs           26535242                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches       19384567                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores          4039674                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.402625                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent            125962964                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count           125934467                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers        76191289                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers       166061933                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.397403                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.458812                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100214150                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps    112854792                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts     25219751                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        18569                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts      1731503                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    267888868                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.421275                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.288117                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    225843970     84.31%     84.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     16534912      6.17%     90.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10588926      3.95%     94.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3361026      1.25%     95.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5541203      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1084047      0.40%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       687795      0.26%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       628779      0.23%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3618210      1.35%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    267888868                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts    100214150                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps    112854792                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs             23855935                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads            19882289                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars              9265                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches         17304828                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts        98644085                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls      1414868                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events      3618210                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads          402344824                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes         280114363                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled               5153878                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles              45042746                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts         100214150                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps           112854792                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total    100214150                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     3.162164                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               3.162164                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.316239                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.316239                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads      593019767                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes     164104804                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads     147548181                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes        18550                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                 66                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles              316894409                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups       27478321                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted     22879874                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2498067                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     10553084                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits       10062776                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2954285                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       116184                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles    239199302                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts            150800580                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches          27478321                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches     13017061                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles            31430887                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles       6938377                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles     21727175                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.MiscStallCycles         5256                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           84                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines        14850528                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2386971                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples    296780307                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.624282                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.986954                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0      265349420     89.41%     89.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1        1930339      0.65%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2        2437301      0.82%     90.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3        3871771      1.30%     92.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4        1615103      0.54%     92.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5        2080954      0.70%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6        2432272      0.82%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7        1109764      0.37%     94.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8       15953383      5.38%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total    296780307                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.086711                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.475870                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles      237796391                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles     23271684                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles        31279287                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles        16146                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles      4416794                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved      4180870                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          810                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts    184270903                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         3934                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles      4416794                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles      238040610                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles        776536                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles     21815721                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles        31051539                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles       679097                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts    183129521                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents          170                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents        97240                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents       474107                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands    255782357                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups    851598136                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups    851598136                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps    214239867                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps       41542490                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts        44518                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts        23292                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts         2386191                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads     17125632                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores      8973228                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads       106197                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores      2093601                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded        178818416                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        44677                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued       171642576                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       171359                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     21541304                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     43681767                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1869                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    296780307                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578349                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302170                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    224023240     75.48%     75.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     33167637     11.18%     86.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13629340      4.59%     91.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7592897      2.56%     93.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     10269476      3.46%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3168134      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3119730      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1678210      0.57%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       131643      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    296780307                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu       1184916     79.26%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            1      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead       157713     10.55%     89.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       152361     10.19%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    144585390     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2351619      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        21225      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     15739858      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8944484      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total    171642576                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.541640                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1494991                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008710                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    641731809                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    200405335                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    167189169                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses    173137567                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       129072                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      3185638                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           54                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          945                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       121127                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           14                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles      4416794                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles        589426                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles        73941                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    178863097                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       139945                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     17125632                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8973228                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        23293                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents        64419                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           83                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          945                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1481025                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1399493                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts      2880518                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts    168662255                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     15486980                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2980321                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs           24430557                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches       23848212                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores          8943577                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.532235                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent            167189764                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count           167189169                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers       100181351                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers       268967102                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.527586                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.372467                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts    124665751                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps    153613740                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts     25250090                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        42808                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts      2519273                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    292363513                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525420                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.344297                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    227358533     77.77%     77.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     32940068     11.27%     89.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11952364      4.09%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5971417      2.04%     95.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5446074      1.86%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2293386      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2264646      0.77%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1080609      0.37%     98.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3056416      1.05%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    292363513                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts    124665751                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps    153613740                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs             22792095                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads            13939994                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars             21356                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches         22260111                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts       138302655                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls      3169653                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events      3056416                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads          468170069                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes         362144494                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled               3622672                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles              20114102                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts         124665751                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps           153613740                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total    124665751                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.541952                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.541952                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.393398                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.393398                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads      758977383                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes     233594104                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads     170505338                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes        42772                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                 28                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles              316894409                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups       21386471                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19299117                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1118793                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8205605                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7663345                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1177742                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        49759                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles    226967279                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts            134387206                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches          21386471                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches      8841087                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles            26594901                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles       3526016                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles     31689809                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines        13019238                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1124018                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples    287631141                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.548222                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.848298                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0      261036240     90.75%     90.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1         948684      0.33%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2        1947906      0.68%     91.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3         834276      0.29%     92.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4        4417561      1.54%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5        3929213      1.37%     94.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6         764408      0.27%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7        1587130      0.55%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8       12165723      4.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total    287631141                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.067488                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.424076                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles      224598430                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles     34072078                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles        26497671                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles        84233                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles      2378724                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved      1876153                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          430                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts    157614507                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         2388                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles      2378724                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles      224899674                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles      31665059                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles      1379949                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles        26316644                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles       991086                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts    157524287                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents          707                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents       506855                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents       326884                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents        10905                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands    184874566                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups    741853309                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups    741853309                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps    164033475                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps       20841083                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts        18279                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts         9226                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts         2294034                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads     37181305                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores     18814976                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads       171661                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores       912967                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded        157221108                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        18333                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued       151165690                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        97283                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     12145395                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     29093509                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           93                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    287631141                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.525554                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.315987                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    233333828     81.12%     81.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     16585242      5.77%     86.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13406713      4.66%     91.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5801975      2.02%     93.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7249498      2.52%     96.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6854810      2.38%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3896088      1.35%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       311369      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       191618      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    287631141                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        379988     11.29%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2902050     86.20%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        84665      2.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     94810837     62.72%     62.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1318488      0.87%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         9050      0.01%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     36270942     23.99%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     18756373     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total    151165690                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.477022                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3366703                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022272                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    593426507                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    169388804                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    149863498                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses    154532393                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       272494                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1448190                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          589                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3977                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       131042                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        13309                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles      2378724                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles      30896096                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles       295898                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    157239540                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1625                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     37181305                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     18814976                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         9227                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents       183227                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          136                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3977                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       656816                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       657762                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts      1314578                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts    150114035                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     36142082                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1051655                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                  99                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs           54896523                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches       19664646                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores         18754441                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.473704                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent            149867410                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count           149863498                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers        80942677                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers       159736807                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.472913                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.506725                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts    121755844                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps    143084453                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts     14172314                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        18240                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts      1143558                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    285252417                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501606                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.320043                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    233159894     81.74%     81.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     19170984      6.72%     88.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8927571      3.13%     91.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      8786175      3.08%     94.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2432235      0.85%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     10049687      3.52%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       762964      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       558613      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1404294      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    285252417                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts    121755844                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps    143084453                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs             54417046                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads            35733112                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars              9106                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches         18894624                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts       127236969                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls      1385938                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events      1404294                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads          441104526                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes         316892521                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled               4869301                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles              29263268                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts         121755844                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps           143084453                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total    121755844                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.602704                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.602704                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.384216                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.384216                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads      742098389                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes     174012182                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads     187654254                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes        18212                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                 62                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles              316894409                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups       24528304                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted     20070255                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2396720                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     10277325                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9672021                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2532738                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       109010                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles    236235222                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts            137106726                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches          24528304                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches     12204759                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles            28635366                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles       6525033                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles     12730443                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.MiscStallCycles          456                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines        14451681                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2398391                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples    281698709                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.597784                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932792                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0      253063343     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1        1339204      0.48%     90.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2        2123395      0.75%     91.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3        2868975      1.02%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4        2958465      1.05%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5        2502250      0.89%     94.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6        1406777      0.50%     94.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7        2074048      0.74%     95.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8       13362252      4.74%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total    281698709                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.077402                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.432657                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles      233800069                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles     15186948                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles        28581631                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles        33275                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles      4096785                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved      4036897                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          391                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts    168264001                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         2038                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles      4096785                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles      234446022                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles       2194401                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles     11500496                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles        27976026                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles      1484976                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts    168197740                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents          218                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents       221733                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents       636385                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands    234669456                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups    782490212                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups    782490212                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps    203615778                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps       31053660                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts        41904                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts        21889                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts         4377455                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads     15760494                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores      8531357                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads       100457                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores      2014434                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded        167987988                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        42055                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued       159585249                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        21846                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18491710                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     44187778                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1693                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    281698709                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566510                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259248                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    214167396     76.03%     76.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     27768205      9.86%     85.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     14067050      4.99%     90.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10607749      3.77%     94.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8346192      2.96%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3378019      1.20%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2109720      0.75%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1108510      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       145868      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    281698709                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         30218     11.35%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead        98994     37.17%     48.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       137081     51.48%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    134221229     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2380820      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        20012      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14458646      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8504542      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total    159585249                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.503591                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt            266293                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001669                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    601157346                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    186522397                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    157201071                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses    159851542                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       326132                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2533325                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          117                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          647                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       116955                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles      4096785                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles       1833102                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles       144998                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    168030211                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        65652                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15760494                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8531357                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        21892                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents       122096                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          647                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1394461                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1346493                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts      2740954                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts    157392766                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13606677                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2192483                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                 168                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs           22110902                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches       22369155                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores          8504225                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.496673                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent            157201306                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count           157201071                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers        90240565                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers       243201109                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.496068                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.371053                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts    118695697                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps    146053045                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21977177                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        40362                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts      2427034                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    277601924                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526124                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373566                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    217694898     78.42%     78.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     29689236     10.69%     89.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11220504      4.04%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5345031      1.93%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4508600      1.62%     96.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2581850      0.93%     97.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2264410      0.82%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1021562      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3275833      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    277601924                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts    118695697                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps    146053045                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs             21641571                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads            13227169                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars             20136                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches         21061397                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts       131591595                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls      3007503                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events      3275833                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads          442355507                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes         340157306                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled               3579919                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles              35195700                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts         118695697                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps           146053045                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total    118695697                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.669805                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.669805                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.374559                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.374559                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads      708392763                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes     218974867                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads     155968955                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes        40328                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                 66                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles              316894409                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups       27493375                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted     22888554                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2499455                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     10579999                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits       10073307                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2955814                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       116373                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles    239317855                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts            150871134                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches          27493375                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches     13029121                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles            31442202                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles       6943622                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles     21580065                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.MiscStallCycles         3798                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           84                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines        14860013                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2388714                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples    296765449                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.624625                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.987404                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0      265323247     89.41%     89.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1        1929910      0.65%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2        2431110      0.82%     90.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3        3868794      1.30%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4        1619478      0.55%     92.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5        2086752      0.70%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6        2438107      0.82%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7        1115971      0.38%     94.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8       15952080      5.38%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total    296765449                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.086759                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.476093                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles      237911665                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles     23125990                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles        31290859                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles        16303                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles      4420627                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved      4187015                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          818                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts    184366819                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         3924                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles      4420627                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles      238154828                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles        773426                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles     21674190                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles        31064140                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles       678228                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts    183231135                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents          174                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents        97931                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents       472547                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands    255885257                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups    852054267                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups    852054267                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps    214314619                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps       41570610                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts        44567                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts        23334                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts         2380731                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads     17134314                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores      8984613                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads       105797                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores      2091923                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded        178915179                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        44728                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued       171739826                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       169708                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     21543092                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     43690427                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1904                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    296765449                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578706                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302475                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    223971603     75.47%     75.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     33181350     11.18%     86.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13631338      4.59%     91.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7601577      2.56%     93.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     10276289      3.46%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3174870      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3118485      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1678843      0.57%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       131094      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    296765449                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu       1181802     79.17%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            1      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead       158400     10.61%     89.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       152480     10.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    144663905     84.23%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2351733      1.37%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        21232      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     15747130      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8955826      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total    171739826                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.541947                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1492683                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008692                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    641907491                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    200503921                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    167278218                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses    173232509                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       129503                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      3189481                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           73                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          927                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       129459                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           12                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles      4420627                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles        586636                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles        73843                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    178959911                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       139833                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     17134314                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8984613                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        23335                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents        64332                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           87                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          927                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1483923                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1399376                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts      2883299                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts    168752070                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     15492420                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2987755                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs           24447505                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches       23862125                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores          8955085                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.532518                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent            167278703                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count           167278218                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers       100218825                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers       269097406                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.527867                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.372426                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts    124709263                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps    153667266                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts     25293355                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        42824                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts      2520684                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    292344822                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525637                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.344576                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    227320212     77.76%     77.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     32947349     11.27%     89.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11958960      4.09%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5971745      2.04%     95.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5448646      1.86%     97.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2293673      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2265046      0.77%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1079991      0.37%     98.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3059200      1.05%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    292344822                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts    124709263                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps    153667266                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs             22799983                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads            13944832                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars             21364                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches         22267873                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts       138350811                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls      3170740                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events      3059200                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads          468245385                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes         362341922                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled               3624417                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles              20128960                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts         124709263                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps           153667266                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total    124709263                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.541066                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.541066                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.393536                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.393536                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads      759369637                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes     233693646                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads     170590842                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes        42788                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                 55                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles              316893743                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups       22222463                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18169553                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2171672                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9369071                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8787583                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2289860                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        96866                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles    215930258                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts            126010897                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches          22222463                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches     11077443                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles            26416610                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles       6282914                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles     10006841                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.MiscStallCycles          137                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines        13274895                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2185777                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples    256417030                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.600572                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.944485                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0      230000420     89.70%     89.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1        1427835      0.56%     90.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2        2258521      0.88%     91.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3        3594328      1.40%     92.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4        1505438      0.59%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5        1692876      0.66%     93.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6        1774206      0.69%     94.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7        1169615      0.46%     94.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8       12993791      5.07%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total    256417030                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.070126                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.397644                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles      213905650                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles     12047501                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles        26335132                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles        66071                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles      4062674                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved      3646914                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          479                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts    153902875                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         3113                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles      4062674                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles      214214526                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles       2461583                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles      8636299                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles        26098144                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles       943802                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts    153808418                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents        43812                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents       262586                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents       343132                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.FullRegisterEvents        74063                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands    213509715                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups    715464820                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups    715464820                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps    182565400                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps       30944243                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts        39912                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts        22260                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts         2767100                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads     14672726                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores      7888264                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads       238114                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores      1790193                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded        153613164                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        40026                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued       145555413                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       183925                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     19191898                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     42533282                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4432                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    256417030                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567651                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.260602                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    194990567     76.04%     76.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     24684149      9.63%     85.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13491195      5.26%     90.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9175834      3.58%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8581162      3.35%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2477164      0.97%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1914333      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       656102      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       446524      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    256417030                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         33772     12.66%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead       101922     38.22%     50.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       131001     49.12%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    121935967     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2296987      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17648      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13457895      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7846916      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total    145555413                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.459319                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt            266695                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001832                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    547978476                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    172846690                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    143230416                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses    145822108                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       443831                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2624530                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          435                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1633                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       229717                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         9047                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           29                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles      4062674                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles       1520946                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles       132154                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    153653342                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         9133                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14672726                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7888264                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        22247                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents        97443                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           31                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1633                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1271500                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1235881                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts      2507381                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts    143494672                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12660596                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2060741                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                 152                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs           20505565                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches       20204488                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores          7844969                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.452816                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent            143231306                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count           143230416                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers        83743033                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers       218711737                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.451982                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.382892                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts    107234664                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps    131440585                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts     22213250                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        35594                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts      2218183                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    252354356                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.520857                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373046                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    199000825     78.86%     78.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     25835671     10.24%     89.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10058648      3.99%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5422097      2.15%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4060393      1.61%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2264604      0.90%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1395758      0.55%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1248693      0.49%     98.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3067667      1.22%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    252354356                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts    107234664                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps    131440585                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs             19706720                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads            12048186                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars             17758                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches         18867559                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts       118437559                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls      2669890                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events      3067667                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads          402939809                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes         311370649                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled               3497762                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles              60476713                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts         107234664                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps           131440585                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total    107234664                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.955143                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.955143                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.338393                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.338393                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads      647108803                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes     198536668                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads     143556768                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes        35562                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                 55                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles              316894409                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups       22324295                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18254059                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2181094                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9476595                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8832545                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2299046                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        97296                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles    216842461                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts            126565127                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches          22324295                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches     11131591                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles            26543327                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles       6308667                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles      9948437                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines        13331499                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2195517                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples    257413415                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.600847                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.944832                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0      230870088     89.69%     89.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1        1442505      0.56%     90.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2        2277430      0.88%     91.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3        3610269      1.40%     92.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4        1511566      0.59%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5        1697015      0.66%     93.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6        1781364      0.69%     94.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7        1166936      0.45%     94.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8       13056242      5.07%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total    257413415                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.070447                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.399392                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles      214811947                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles     11995160                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles        26461271                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles        66346                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles      4078689                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved      3662603                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          479                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts    154569975                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         3153                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles      4078689                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles      215127778                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles       2382502                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles      8646322                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles        26217460                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles       960662                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts    154468073                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents        44134                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents       263491                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents       343836                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.FullRegisterEvents        88637                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands    214431210                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups    718542872                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups    718542872                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps    183364645                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps       31066557                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts        40138                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts        22409                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts         2771946                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads     14734986                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores      7923285                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads       239037                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores      1799376                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded        154254065                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        40259                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued       146167319                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       184359                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     19261158                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     42678600                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4510                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    257413415                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567831                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.260656                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    195720252     76.03%     76.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     24792715      9.63%     85.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13554061      5.27%     90.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9218406      3.58%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8613546      3.35%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2484680      0.97%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1923193      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       657974      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       448588      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    257413415                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         34018     12.68%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead       102426     38.17%     50.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       131900     49.15%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    122444496     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2307006      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17726      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13516123      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7881968      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total    146167319                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.461249                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt            268344                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001836                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    550200756                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    173557086                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    143832906                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses    146435663                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       445638                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2634184                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          426                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1635                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       231338                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         9105                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           87                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles      4078689                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles       1484634                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles       131620                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    154294489                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        60582                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14734986                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7923285                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        22402                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents        96936                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           30                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1635                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1277572                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1240393                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts      2517965                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts    144099446                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12716840                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2067873                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                 165                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs           20596848                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches       20291862                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores          7880008                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.454724                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent            143833826                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count           143832906                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers        84097667                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers       219619912                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.453883                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.382924                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts    107703993                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps    132015607                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts     22279442                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        35749                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts      2227874                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    253334726                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.521111                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373363                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    199748554     78.85%     78.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     25949232     10.24%     89.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10102026      3.99%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5444067      2.15%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4079329      1.61%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2273597      0.90%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1402155      0.55%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1254237      0.50%     98.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3081529      1.22%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    253334726                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts    107703993                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps    132015607                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs             19792749                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads            12100802                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars             17836                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches         18950087                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts       118955669                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls      2681547                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events      3081529                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads          404547531                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes         312669017                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled               3511505                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles              59480994                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts         107703993                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps           132015607                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total    107703993                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.942272                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.942272                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.339873                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.339873                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads      649836338                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes     199375325                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads     144188223                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes        35716                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                 62                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles              316894409                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups       24478563                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted     20028335                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2392880                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     10354815                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9663169                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2530996                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       109333                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles    235915232                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts            136796897                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches          24478563                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches     12194165                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles            28578339                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles       6499828                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles     12854243                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines        14429698                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2394409                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples    281423686                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.597026                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.931528                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0      252845347     89.85%     89.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1        1338939      0.48%     90.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2        2119515      0.75%     91.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3        2866118      1.02%     92.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4        2953319      1.05%     93.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5        2497134      0.89%     94.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6        1404961      0.50%     94.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7        2074678      0.74%     95.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8       13323675      4.73%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total    281423686                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.077245                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.431680                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles      233485250                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles     15305040                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles        28524860                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles        33073                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles      4075462                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved      4029562                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          387                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts    167885921                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         2020                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles      4075462                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles      234128270                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles       2180506                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles     11637642                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles        27921911                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles      1479892                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts    167819691                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents          208                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents       221939                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents       633775                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands    234156196                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups    780711448                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups    780711448                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps    203336264                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps       30819932                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts        41998                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts        22011                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts         4360450                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads     15724529                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores      8516552                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads       100267                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores      2008317                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded        167611746                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        42150                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued       159303659                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        21870                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18321374                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     43698440                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1841                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    281423686                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566063                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.258691                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    213991952     76.04%     76.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     27736912      9.86%     85.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     14055356      4.99%     90.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10586523      3.76%     94.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8322574      2.96%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3371885      1.20%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2107489      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1106149      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       144846      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    281423686                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         30381     11.51%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead        97068     36.76%     48.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       136605     51.73%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    133980571     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2374453      1.49%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        19985      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14439090      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8489560      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total    159303659                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.502703                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt            264054                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001658                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    600316928                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    185975912                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    156922843                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses    159567713                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       322523                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2515530                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          122                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          644                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       113706                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles      4075462                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles       1820315                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles       144790                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    167654060                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        64478                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15724529                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8516552                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        22013                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents       121859                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          644                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1395970                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1338740                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts      2734710                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts    157113929                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13587931                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2189730                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                 164                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs           22077161                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches       22334854                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores          8489230                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.495793                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent            156923107                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count           156922843                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers        90077712                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers       242710960                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.495190                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.371132                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts    118532754                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps    145852451                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21801633                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        40309                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts      2423160                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    277348224                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525882                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373154                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    217518062     78.43%     78.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     29648411     10.69%     89.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11209305      4.04%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5341056      1.93%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4500621      1.62%     96.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2583606      0.93%     97.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2257523      0.81%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1020510      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3269130      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    277348224                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts    118532754                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps    145852451                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs             21611845                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads            13208999                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars             20110                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches         21032434                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts       131410899                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls      3003369                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events      3269130                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads          441732372                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes         339383697                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled               3574155                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles              35470723                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts         118532754                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps           145852451                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total    118532754                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.673475                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.673475                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.374045                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.374045                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads      707158482                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes     218589630                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads     155630257                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes        40274                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                 29                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles              316894391                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups       21782886                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19444478                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1736206                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     14434825                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits       14193367                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1309199                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        52150                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles    230064874                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts            123778464                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches          21782886                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches     15502566                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles            27585509                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles       5711866                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles      9464609                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           29                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines        13923237                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1704192                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples    271080900                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.511642                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.747971                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0      243495391     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1        4198152      1.55%     91.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2        2131299      0.79%     92.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3        4153925      1.53%     93.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4        1332752      0.49%     94.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5        3836963      1.42%     95.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6         607134      0.22%     95.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7         987178      0.36%     96.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8       10338106      3.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total    271080900                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.068739                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.390598                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles      228051160                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles     11531204                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles        27530903                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles        22097                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles      3945532                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved      2060656                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred        20346                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts    138478194                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts        38252                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles      3945532                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles      228282245                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles       7484600                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles      3310149                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles        27299382                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles       758988                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts    138274106                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents          264                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents       107329                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents       570959                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands    181235815                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups    626754651                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups    626754651                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps    146854754                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps       34380949                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts        18560                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts         9381                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts         1802212                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads     24924216                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores      4060628                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads        25925                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores       926438                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded        137565870                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        18625                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued       128776377                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        82406                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     24934756                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     51075439                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          111                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    271080900                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.475048                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.088893                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    214660547     79.19%     79.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     17720905      6.54%     85.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     18912895      6.98%     92.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10945182      4.04%     96.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5670461      2.09%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1418844      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1679568      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        39320      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        33178      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    271080900                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        214801     57.09%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead        88535     23.53%     80.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        72893     19.37%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    100988856     78.42%     78.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1011844      0.79%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         9179      0.01%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     22739905     17.66%     96.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      4026593      3.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total    128776377                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.406370                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt            376229                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002922                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    529092289                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    162519600                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    125500455                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses    129152606                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       101596                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      5109302                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          131                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          354                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        99704                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles      3945532                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles       6656988                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles        92545                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    137584594                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        18225                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     24924216                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      4060628                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         9377                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents        46413                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2652                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          354                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1169471                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       670809                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts      1840280                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts    127149734                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     22418578                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1626643                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                  99                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs           26444984                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches       19317234                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores          4026406                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.401237                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent            125529440                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count           125500455                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers        75929175                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers       165504858                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.396032                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.458773                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts     99879504                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps    112479254                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts     25110830                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        18514                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts      1725366                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    267135368                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.421057                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.287827                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    225231579     84.31%     84.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     16477748      6.17%     90.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10554579      3.95%     94.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3350193      1.25%     95.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5522056      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1080806      0.40%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       685335      0.26%     98.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       627071      0.23%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3606001      1.35%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    267135368                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts     99879504                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps    112479254                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs             23775813                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads            19814903                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars              9237                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches         17247038                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts        98316374                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls      1410317                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events      3606001                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads          401119074                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes         279128945                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled               5136011                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles              45813491                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts          99879504                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps           112479254                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total     99879504                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     3.172767                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               3.172767                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.315182                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.315182                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads      590981607                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes     163540934                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads     147028901                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes        18496                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                 62                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles              316894409                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups       24538992                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted     20078963                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2391473                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     10150023                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9661366                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2531954                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       108839                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles    236098984                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts            137235026                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches          24538992                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches     12193320                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles            28643897                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles       6534059                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles     12839153                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.MiscStallCycles          456                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines        14442783                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2393433                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples    281693974                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598219                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.933658                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0      253050077     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1        1337022      0.47%     90.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2        2119635      0.75%     91.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3        2868295      1.02%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4        2956430      1.05%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5        2501845      0.89%     94.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6        1405174      0.50%     94.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7        2076325      0.74%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8       13379171      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total    281693974                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.077436                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.433062                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles      233664720                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles     15294792                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles        28590111                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles        33301                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles      4111049                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved      4039221                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          390                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts    168383336                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         2030                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles      4111049                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles      234309684                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles       2168340                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles     11636544                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles        27985557                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles      1482797                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts    168318543                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents          223                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents       221424                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents       635538                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands    234839804                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups    783078241                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups    783078241                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps    203576763                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps       31263032                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts        41687                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts        21673                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts         4372520                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads     15749441                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores      8537267                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads       100130                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores      2069923                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded        168105722                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        41833                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued       159603738                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        21811                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18635721                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     44680817                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1480                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    281693974                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566586                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259187                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    214129325     76.01%     76.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     27805144      9.87%     85.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     14071884      5.00%     90.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10605031      3.76%     94.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8337928      2.96%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3381116      1.20%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2109553      0.75%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1106821      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       147172      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    281693974                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         30063     11.31%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead        98177     36.94%     48.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       137536     51.75%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    134230868     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2386372      1.50%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        20008      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14456045      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8510445      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total    159603738                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.503650                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt            265776                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001665                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    601189037                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    186783929                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    157228550                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses    159869514                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       324885                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2524821                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          121                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          657                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       124498                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles      4111049                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles       1807075                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles       145208                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    168147724                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        67311                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15749441                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8537267                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        21679                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents       122193                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          657                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1388911                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1346559                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts      2735470                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts    157420861                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13606060                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2182877                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                 169                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs           22116194                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches       22368882                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores          8510134                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.496761                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent            157228829                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count           157228550                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers        90255874                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers       243218291                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.496154                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.371090                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts    118672923                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps    146025007                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts     22122722                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        40353                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts      2421786                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    277582925                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526059                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.372872                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    217649392     78.41%     78.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     29717318     10.71%     89.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11214011      4.04%     93.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5351810      1.93%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4525804      1.63%     96.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2585552      0.93%     97.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2247973      0.81%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1023097      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3267968      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    277582925                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts    118672923                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps    146025007                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs             21637386                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads            13224617                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars             20132                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches         21057363                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts       131566334                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls      3006929                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events      3267968                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads          442461880                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes         340406584                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled               3575004                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles              35200435                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts         118672923                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps           146025007                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total    118672923                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.670318                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.670318                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.374487                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.374487                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads      708509120                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes     219007508                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads     156102555                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes        40318                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                 29                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles              316894409                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups       21820188                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19476810                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1740369                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     14462101                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits       14216123                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1311287                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        52229                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles    230433918                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts            123983201                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches          21820188                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches     15527410                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles            27630965                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles       5726453                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles      9448880                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           29                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines        13946948                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1708210                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples    271490075                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.511718                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.748104                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0      243859110     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1        4204837      1.55%     91.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2        2135346      0.79%     92.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3        4160897      1.53%     93.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4        1334641      0.49%     94.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5        3842168      1.42%     95.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6         607719      0.22%     95.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7         990311      0.36%     96.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8       10355046      3.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total    271490075                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.068856                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.391245                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles      228420649                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles     11515176                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles        27575931                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles        22431                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles      3955884                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved      2065399                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred        20398                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts    138707713                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts        38470                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles      3955884                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles      228651772                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles       7463465                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles      3314937                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles        27345070                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles       758943                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts    138503541                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents          260                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents       108208                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents       570188                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands    181537692                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups    627793712                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups    627793712                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps    147067007                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps       34470669                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts        18612                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts         9419                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts         1798927                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads     24966956                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores      4067362                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads        26348                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores       926112                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded        137792374                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        18673                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued       128979066                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        83573                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     24998506                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     51209202                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          136                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    271490075                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.475078                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.088950                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    214982438     79.19%     79.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     17749706      6.54%     85.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     18939889      6.98%     92.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10959480      4.04%     96.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5681644      2.09%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1422697      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1681606      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        39475      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        33140      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    271490075                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        215707     57.16%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead        88738     23.51%     80.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        72935     19.33%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    101149723     78.42%     78.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1013174      0.79%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         9192      0.01%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     22773924     17.66%     96.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      4033053      3.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total    128979066                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.407010                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt            377380                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002926                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    529909160                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    162809890                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    125694087                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses    129356446                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       102678                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      5124394                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          115                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          344                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       100563                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles      3955884                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles       6633232                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles        92636                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    137811150                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        18353                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     24966956                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      4067362                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         9414                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents        46519                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2634                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          344                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1172136                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       672538                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts      1844674                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts    127347288                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     22452641                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1631778                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                 103                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs           26485479                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches       19346935                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores          4032838                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.401860                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent            125722912                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count           125694087                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers        76045373                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers       165765295                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.396643                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.458753                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100022347                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps    112641058                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts     25175713                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        18537                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts      1729501                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    267534191                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.421034                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.287798                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    225569587     84.31%     84.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     16503298      6.17%     90.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10568616      3.95%     94.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3353461      1.25%     95.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5531910      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1081727      0.40%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       686748      0.26%     98.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       627370      0.23%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3611474      1.35%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    267534191                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts    100022347                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps    112641058                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs             23809358                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads            19842559                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars              9249                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches         17271764                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts        98458077                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls      1412429                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events      3611474                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads          401739111                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes         279592605                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled               5145903                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles              45404334                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts         100022347                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps           112641058                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total    100022347                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     3.168236                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               3.168236                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.315633                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.315633                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads      591889878                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes     163792713                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads     147267898                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes        18518                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                 62                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles              316894409                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups       24566203                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted     20101141                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2394829                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     10163983                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9672727                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2533911                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       109160                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles    236341834                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts            137384489                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches          24566203                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches     12206638                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles            28674724                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles       6543579                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles     12720799                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines        14458890                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2396926                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples    281854960                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598540                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.934141                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0      253180236     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1        1339167      0.48%     90.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2        2119961      0.75%     91.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3        2870729      1.02%     92.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4        2961308      1.05%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5        2503307      0.89%     94.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6        1408026      0.50%     94.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7        2077650      0.74%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8       13394576      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total    281854960                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.077522                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.433534                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles      233903457                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles     15180067                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles        28620882                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles        33363                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles      4117190                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved      4043996                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          389                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts    168569781                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         2036                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles      4117190                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles      234549165                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles       2154597                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles     11533829                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles        28015777                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles      1484399                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts    168505398                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents          221                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents       221457                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents       636368                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands    235089524                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups    783947445                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups    783947445                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps    203765804                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps       31323720                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts        41521                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts        21493                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts         4373710                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads     15769062                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores      8545898                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads       100069                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores      2006269                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded        168290243                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        41666                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued       159771722                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        21820                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18679929                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     44772888                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1273                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    281854960                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566858                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259743                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    214271235     76.02%     76.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     27773821      9.85%     85.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     14065872      4.99%     90.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10632122      3.77%     94.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8359477      2.97%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3386452      1.20%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2109860      0.75%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1108505      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       147616      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    281854960                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         30079     11.28%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead        98866     37.07%     48.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       137745     51.65%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    134374500     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2388616      1.50%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        20027      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14469425      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8519154      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total    159771722                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.504180                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt            266690                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001669                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    601686914                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    187012486                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    157391786                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses    160038412                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       326015                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2532186                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          106                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          651                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       125327                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles      4117190                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles       1793251                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles       145409                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    168332073                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        68939                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15769062                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8545898                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        21494                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents       122383                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          651                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1390433                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1349051                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts      2739484                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts    157584440                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13618553                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2187282                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                 164                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs           22137397                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches       22391668                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores          8518844                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.497277                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent            157392039                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count           157391786                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers        90349906                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers       243486475                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.496669                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.371067                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts    118783145                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps    146160524                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts     22171576                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        40393                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts      2425169                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    277737770                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526254                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373717                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    217789580     78.42%     78.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     29707011     10.70%     89.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11226943      4.04%     93.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5354557      1.93%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4507468      1.62%     96.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2584730      0.93%     97.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2267525      0.82%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1022364      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3277592      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    277737770                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts    118783145                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps    146160524                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs             21657447                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads            13236876                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars             20152                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches         21076881                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts       131688435                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls      3009704                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events      3277592                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads          442791472                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes         340781458                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled               3579765                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles              35039449                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts         118783145                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps           146160524                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total    118783145                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.667840                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.667840                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.374835                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.374835                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads      709235580                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes     219231574                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads     156270039                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes        40358                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                        20871                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2047.838181                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                         182853                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                        22919                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                         7.978228                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.748682                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst     2.626308                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data  1677.877984                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data         338.585207                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014037                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.001282                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.819276                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.165325                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.999921                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        41466                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                 41467                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks           7621                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total                7621                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           83                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total                  83                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data        41549                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                  41550                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data        41549                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                 41550                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        20836                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total               20871                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        20836                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                20871                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        20836                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total               20871                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     55126614                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  16729723710                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   16784850324                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     55126614                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  16729723710                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total    16784850324                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     55126614                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  16729723710                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total   16784850324                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        62302                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total             62338                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         7621                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total            7621                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           83                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total              83                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        62385                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total              62421                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        62385                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total             62421                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.334435                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.334804                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.333991                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.334359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.333991                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.334359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1575046.114286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 802923.963813                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 804218.787983                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1575046.114286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 802923.963813                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 804218.787983                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1575046.114286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 802923.963813                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 804218.787983                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks               2836                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                    2836                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        20836                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          20871                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        20836                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total           20871                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        20836                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total          20871                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     52053502                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  14899842994                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14951896496                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     52053502                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  14899842994                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14951896496                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     52053502                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  14899842994                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14951896496                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.334435                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334804                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.333991                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.333991                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1487242.914286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 715100.930793                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 716395.788223                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1487242.914286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 715100.930793                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 716395.788223                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1487242.914286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 715100.930793                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 716395.788223                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                        14074                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2047.458723                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                         211902                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                        16122                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                        13.143655                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.075243                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst     4.936232                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data  1552.161021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data         463.286227                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013220                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.002410                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.757891                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.226214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.999736                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        34154                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                 34156                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks          10934                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total               10934                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          180                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::total                 180                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data        34334                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                  34336                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data        34334                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                 34336                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        14025                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total               14067                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        14025                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                14067                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        14025                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total               14067                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     80782479                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  11741162082                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   11821944561                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     80782479                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  11741162082                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total    11821944561                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     80782479                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  11741162082                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total   11821944561                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        48179                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total             48223                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        10934                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total           10934                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          180                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total             180                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        48359                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total              48403                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        48359                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total             48403                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.291102                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.291707                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.290018                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.290622                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.290018                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.290622                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1923392.357143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 837159.506738                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 840402.684368                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1923392.357143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 837159.506738                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 840402.684368                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1923392.357143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 837159.506738                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 840402.684368                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks               6262                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                    6262                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l201.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l201.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l201.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l201.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        14024                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          14066                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        14024                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total           14066                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        14024                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total          14066                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     77092387                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  10507703324                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10584795711                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     77092387                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  10507703324                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10584795711                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     77092387                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  10507703324                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10584795711                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.291081                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.291687                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.289998                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.290602                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.289998                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.290602                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1835533.023810                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 749265.781803                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 752509.292692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1835533.023810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 749265.781803                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 752509.292692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1835533.023810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 749265.781803                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 752509.292692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                        10241                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                     2047.146966                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                         233794                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                        12289                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                        19.024656                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks          40.531181                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst     5.038201                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data  1417.574238                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data         584.003346                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.019791                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.002460                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.692175                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.285158                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total               0.999583                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        33543                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                 33545                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks          10447                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total               10447                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          257                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::total                 257                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data        33800                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                  33802                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data        33800                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                 33802                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        10178                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total               10221                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_misses::total                17                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        10195                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                10238                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        10195                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total               10238                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    109826802                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   8307677260                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    8417504062                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     15675006                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     15675006                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    109826802                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   8323352266                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total     8433179068                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    109826802                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   8323352266                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total    8433179068                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        43721                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total             43766                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        10447                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total           10447                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          274                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total             274                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        43995                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total              44040                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           45                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        43995                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total             44040                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.955556                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.232794                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.233537                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.062044                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.062044                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.955556                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.231731                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.232470                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.955556                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.231731                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.232470                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2554111.674419                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 816238.677540                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 823549.952255                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 922059.176471                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 922059.176471                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2554111.674419                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 816415.131535                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 823713.524907                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2554111.674419                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 816415.131535                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 823713.524907                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks               5421                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                    5421                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        10178                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          10221                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        10195                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total           10238                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        10195                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total          10238                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    106051402                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   7413868461                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7519919863                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     14182068                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14182068                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    106051402                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   7428050529                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7534101931                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    106051402                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   7428050529                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7534101931                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.955556                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.232794                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233537                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.062044                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.062044                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.955556                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.231731                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.232470                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.955556                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.231731                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.232470                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2466311.674419                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 728420.953134                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 735732.302417                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 834239.294118                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 834239.294118                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2466311.674419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 728597.403531                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 735895.871362                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2466311.674419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 728597.403531                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 735895.871362                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                        14097                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2047.465116                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         211958                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                        16145                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                        13.128399                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.090192                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst     4.987348                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data  1551.877633                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data         463.509944                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013228                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.002435                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.757753                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.226323                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.999739                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        34194                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                 34196                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks          10950                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total               10950                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          175                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::total                 175                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data        34369                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                  34371                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data        34369                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                 34371                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        14048                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total               14090                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        14048                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                14090                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        14048                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total               14090                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     70187211                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  11582306481                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   11652493692                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     70187211                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  11582306481                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total    11652493692                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     70187211                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  11582306481                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total   11652493692                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        48242                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total             48286                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        10950                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total           10950                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          175                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total             175                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        48417                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total              48461                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        48417                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total             48461                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.291199                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.291803                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.290146                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.290749                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.290146                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.290749                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1671124.071429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 824480.814422                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 827004.520369                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1671124.071429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 824480.814422                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 827004.520369                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1671124.071429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 824480.814422                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 827004.520369                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks               6272                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                    6272                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l203.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l203.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l203.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l203.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        14047                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          14089                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        14047                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total           14089                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        14047                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total          14089                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     66496119                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  10346972505                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10413468624                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     66496119                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  10346972505                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10413468624                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     66496119                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  10346972505                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10413468624                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.291178                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.291782                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.290125                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.290729                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.290125                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.290729                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1583240.928571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 736596.604613                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 739120.492867                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1583240.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 736596.604613                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 739120.492867                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1583240.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 736596.604613                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 739120.492867                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                        20960                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2047.834454                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         183032                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                        23008                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                         7.955146                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.780595                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst     2.639277                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data  1678.101865                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data         338.312717                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014053                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.001289                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.819386                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.165192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.999919                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        41610                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                 41611                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks           7657                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total                7657                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           82                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total                  82                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data        41692                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                  41693                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data        41692                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                 41693                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        20924                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total               20960                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        20925                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                20961                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        20925                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total               20961                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     65495793                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  16526877040                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   16592372833                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       776535                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       776535                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     65495793                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  16527653575                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total    16593149368                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     65495793                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  16527653575                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total   16593149368                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        62534                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total             62571                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         7657                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total            7657                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           83                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total              83                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        62617                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total              62654                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        62617                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total             62654                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.334602                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.334979                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.012048                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.012048                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.334174                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.334552                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.334174                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.334552                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1819327.583333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 789852.659147                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 791620.841269                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       776535                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total       776535                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1819327.583333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 789852.022700                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 791620.121559                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1819327.583333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 789852.022700                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 791620.121559                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks               2845                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                    2845                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        20924                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          20960                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        20925                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total           20961                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        20925                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total          20961                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     62334993                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  14689676572                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14752011565                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       688735                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       688735                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     62334993                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  14690365307                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14752700300                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     62334993                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  14690365307                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14752700300                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.334602                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334979                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.012048                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012048                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.334174                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334552                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.334174                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334552                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1731527.583333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 702049.157522                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 703817.345658                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       688735                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       688735                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1731527.583333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 702048.521243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 703816.626115                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1731527.583333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 702048.521243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 703816.626115                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                        10236                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2047.139232                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                         233750                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                        12284                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                        19.028818                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks          40.636496                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst     4.905728                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data  1417.316881                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data         584.280127                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.019842                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.002395                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.692049                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.285293                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.999580                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        33509                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                 33512                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks          10437                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total               10437                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          258                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total                 258                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data        33767                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                  33770                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data        33767                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                 33770                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        10173                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total               10215                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_misses::total                18                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        10191                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                10233                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        10191                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total               10233                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    108942031                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   8362954296                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    8471896327                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     16747764                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     16747764                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    108942031                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   8379702060                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total     8488644091                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    108942031                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   8379702060                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total    8488644091                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        43682                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total             43727                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        10437                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total           10437                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          276                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total             276                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        43958                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total              44003                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           45                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        43958                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total             44003                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.933333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.232888                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.233609                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.065217                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.065217                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.933333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.231835                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.232552                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.933333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.231835                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.232552                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2593857.880952                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 822073.557063                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 829358.426530                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 930431.333333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 930431.333333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2593857.880952                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 822264.945540                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 829536.215284                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2593857.880952                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 822264.945540                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 829536.215284                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks               5418                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                    5418                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        10173                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          10215                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        10191                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total           10233                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        10191                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total          10233                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    105253496                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   7469535204                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7574788700                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     15167364                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15167364                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    105253496                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   7484702568                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7589956064                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    105253496                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   7484702568                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7589956064                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.232888                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233609                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.065217                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.065217                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.231835                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.232552                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.231835                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.232552                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2506035.619048                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 734250.978472                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 741535.849241                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 842631.333333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 842631.333333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2506035.619048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 734442.406830                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 741713.677709                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2506035.619048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 734442.406830                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 741713.677709                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                        40609                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2047.930128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                         224853                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                        42657                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                         5.271186                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.774391                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst     1.606385                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data  1846.021987                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data         196.527364                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001843                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000784                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.901378                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.095961                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.999966                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        48777                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                 48778                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks          14941                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total               14941                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           34                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::total                  34                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data        48811                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                  48812                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data        48811                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                 48812                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        40519                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total               40558                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           51                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::total                51                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        40570                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                40609                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        40570                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total               40609                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     79146356                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  38704922197                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   38784068553                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     86557729                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     86557729                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     79146356                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  38791479926                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total    38870626282                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     79146356                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  38791479926                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total   38870626282                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        89296                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total             89336                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        14941                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total           14941                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           85                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total              85                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        89381                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total              89421                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        89381                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total             89421                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.453761                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.453994                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.600000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.600000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.453900                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.454133                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.453900                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.454133                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2029393.743590                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 955228.959180                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 956261.860866                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 1697210.372549                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1697210.372549                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2029393.743590                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 956161.694010                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 957192.402719                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2029393.743590                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 956161.694010                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 957192.402719                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks               6331                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                    6331                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        40519                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          40558                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           51                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        40570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total           40609                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        40570                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total          40609                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     75722156                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  35146496500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  35222218656                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     82079024                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     82079024                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     75722156                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  35228575524                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  35304297680                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     75722156                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  35228575524                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  35304297680                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.453761                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.453994                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.600000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.600000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.453900                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.454133                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.453900                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.454133                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1941593.743590                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 867407.796342                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 868440.718379                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 1609392.627451                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1609392.627451                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1941593.743590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 868340.535470                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 869371.264498                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1941593.743590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 868340.535470                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 869371.264498                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                        14098                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2047.460209                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                         211965                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                        16146                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                        13.128019                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.074016                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst     5.050642                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data  1551.973901                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data         463.361650                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013220                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.002466                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.757800                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.226251                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.999736                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        34199                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                 34201                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks          10952                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total               10952                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          179                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::total                 179                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data        34378                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                  34380                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data        34378                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                 34380                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        14047                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total               14091                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        14047                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                14091                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        14047                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total               14091                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     91130048                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  11552613001                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   11643743049                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     91130048                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  11552613001                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total    11643743049                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     91130048                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  11552613001                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total   11643743049                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        48246                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total             48292                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        10952                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total           10952                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          179                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total             179                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        48425                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total              48471                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           46                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        48425                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total             48471                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.956522                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.291154                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.291787                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.956522                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.290077                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.290710                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.956522                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.290077                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.290710                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2071137.454545                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 822425.642557                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 826324.820737                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2071137.454545                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 822425.642557                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 826324.820737                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2071137.454545                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 822425.642557                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 826324.820737                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks               6272                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                    6272                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l207.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l207.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l207.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l207.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        14046                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          14090                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        14046                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total           14090                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        14046                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total          14090                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     87265931                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  10317923952                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10405189883                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     87265931                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  10317923952                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10405189883                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     87265931                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  10317923952                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10405189883                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.956522                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.291133                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.291767                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.956522                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.290057                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.290689                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.956522                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.290057                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.290689                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1983316.613636                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 734580.944895                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 738480.474308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1983316.613636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 734580.944895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 738480.474308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1983316.613636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 734580.944895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 738480.474308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                        10239                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2047.138892                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                         233772                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                        12287                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                        19.025962                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks          40.639566                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst     4.944113                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data  1417.558325                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data         583.996888                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.019844                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.002414                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.692167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.285155                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.999580                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        33523                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                 33526                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks          10445                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total               10445                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          258                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::total                 258                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data        33781                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                  33784                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data        33781                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                 33784                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        10176                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total               10218                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::total                18                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        10194                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                10236                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        10194                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total               10236                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    110067048                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   8275746377                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    8385813425                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     17202985                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     17202985                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    110067048                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   8292949362                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total     8403016410                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    110067048                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   8292949362                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total    8403016410                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        43699                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total             43744                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        10445                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total           10445                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          276                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total             276                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        43975                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total              44020                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           45                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        43975                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total             44020                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.933333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.232866                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.233586                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.065217                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.065217                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.933333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.231814                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.232531                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.933333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.231814                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.232531                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2620644                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 813261.239878                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 820690.294089                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 955721.388889                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 955721.388889                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2620644                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 813512.788111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 820927.746190                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2620644                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 813512.788111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 820927.746190                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks               5421                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                    5421                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        10176                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          10218                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        10194                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total           10236                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        10194                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total          10236                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    106378457                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   7382089733                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7488468190                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     15622585                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15622585                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    106378457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   7397712318                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7504090775                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    106378457                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   7397712318                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7504090775                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.232866                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233586                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.065217                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.065217                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.231814                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.232531                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.231814                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.232531                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2532820.404762                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 725441.208039                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 732870.247602                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 867921.388889                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 867921.388889                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2532820.404762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 725692.791642                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 733107.734955                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2532820.404762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 725692.791642                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 733107.734955                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                        34648                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2047.616967                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                         185000                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                        36696                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                         5.041421                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks          11.514158                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst     2.720343                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data  1675.061995                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data         358.320471                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005622                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.001328                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.817901                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.174961                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.999813                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        43746                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                 43747                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks           9039                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total                9039                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          116                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::total                 116                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data        43862                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                  43863                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data        43862                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                 43863                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        34573                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total               34612                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           30                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::total                30                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        34603                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                34642                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        34603                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total               34642                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     74148501                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  32487479875                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   32561628376                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     26374755                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     26374755                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     74148501                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  32513854630                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total    32588003131                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     74148501                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  32513854630                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total   32588003131                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        78319                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total             78359                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         9039                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total            9039                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          146                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total             146                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        78465                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total              78505                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        78465                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total             78505                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.441438                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.441711                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.205479                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.205479                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.440999                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.441271                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.440999                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.441271                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1901243.615385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 939677.779626                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 940761.249740                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 879158.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 879158.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1901243.615385                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 939625.310811                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 940707.901709                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1901243.615385                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 939625.310811                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 940707.901709                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks               5242                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                    5242                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        34573                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          34612                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           30                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        34603                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total           34642                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        34603                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total          34642                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     70721771                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  29451232090                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  29521953861                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     23739606                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     23739606                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     70721771                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  29474971696                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  29545693467                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     70721771                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  29474971696                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  29545693467                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.441438                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.441711                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.205479                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.205479                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.440999                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.441271                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.440999                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.441271                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1813378.743590                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 851856.422353                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 852939.843436                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 791320.200000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 791320.200000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1813378.743590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 851803.938849                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 852886.480775                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1813378.743590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 851803.938849                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 852886.480775                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                        34727                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                     2047.617871                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                         185204                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                        36775                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                         5.036139                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks          11.728116                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst     3.487679                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data  1676.424041                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data         355.978034                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005727                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.001703                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.818566                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.173817                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total               0.999813                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        43916                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                 43917                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks           9073                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total                9073                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          116                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::total                 116                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data        44032                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                  44033                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data        44032                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                 44033                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        34651                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total               34690                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           30                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_misses::total                30                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        34681                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                34720                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        34681                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total               34720                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     63463504                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  31860847427                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   31924310931                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     25663414                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     25663414                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     63463504                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  31886510841                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total    31949974345                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     63463504                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  31886510841                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total   31949974345                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        78567                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total             78607                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         9073                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total            9073                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          146                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total             146                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        78713                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total              78753                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        78713                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total             78753                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.441038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.441309                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.205479                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.205479                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.440601                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.440872                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.440601                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.440872                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1627269.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 919478.440074                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 920274.169242                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 855447.133333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 855447.133333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1627269.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 919423.051267                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 920218.155098                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1627269.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 919423.051267                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 920218.155098                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks               5263                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                    5263                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        34651                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          34690                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           30                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        34681                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total           34720                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        34681                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total          34720                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     60039304                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  28818069778                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  28878109082                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     23028527                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     23028527                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     60039304                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  28841098305                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  28901137609                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     60039304                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  28841098305                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  28901137609                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.441038                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.441309                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.205479                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.205479                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.440601                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.440872                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.440601                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.440872                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1539469.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 831666.323569                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 832462.066359                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 767617.566667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 767617.566667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1539469.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 831610.919668                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 832406.037126                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1539469.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 831610.919668                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 832406.037126                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                        14075                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                     2047.465277                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                         211898                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                        16123                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                        13.142591                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.083113                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst     4.933053                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data  1552.382800                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data         463.066311                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013224                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.002409                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.757999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.226107                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total               0.999739                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        34151                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                 34153                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks          10933                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total               10933                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          177                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::total                 177                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data        34328                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                  34330                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data        34328                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                 34330                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        14026                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total               14068                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        14026                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                14068                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        14026                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total               14068                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     77074504                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  11763883962                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   11840958466                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     77074504                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  11763883962                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total    11840958466                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     77074504                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  11763883962                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total   11840958466                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        48177                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total             48221                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        10933                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total           10933                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          177                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total             177                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        48354                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total              48398                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        48354                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total             48398                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.291135                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.291740                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.290069                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.290673                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.290069                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.290673                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1835107.238095                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 838719.803365                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 841694.517060                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1835107.238095                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 838719.803365                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 841694.517060                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1835107.238095                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 838719.803365                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 841694.517060                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks               6263                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                    6263                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l211.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l211.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l211.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l211.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        14025                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          14067                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        14025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total           14067                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        14025                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total          14067                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     73384618                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  10531392363                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10604776981                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     73384618                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  10531392363                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10604776981                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     73384618                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  10531392363                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10604776981                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.291114                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.291719                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.290048                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.290653                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.290048                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.290653                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1747252.809524                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 750901.416257                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 753876.233810                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1747252.809524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 750901.416257                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 753876.233810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1747252.809524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 750901.416257                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 753876.233810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                        20877                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2047.832850                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                         182848                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                        22925                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                         7.975921                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.751303                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst     2.532990                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data  1677.291878                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data         339.256678                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014039                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.001237                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.818990                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.165653                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.999918                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        41451                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                 41452                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks           7631                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total                7631                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           82                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::total                  82                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data        41533                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                  41534                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data        41533                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                 41534                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        20841                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total               20877                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        20841                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                20877                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        20841                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total               20877                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     59042818                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  16942292628                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   17001335446                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     59042818                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  16942292628                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total    17001335446                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     59042818                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  16942292628                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total   17001335446                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        62292                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total             62329                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         7631                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total            7631                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           82                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total              82                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        62374                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total              62411                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        62374                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total             62411                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.334569                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.334948                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.334130                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.334508                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.334130                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.334508                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1640078.277778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 812930.887577                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 814357.208699                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1640078.277778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 812930.887577                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 814357.208699                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1640078.277778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 812930.887577                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 814357.208699                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks               2831                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                    2831                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        20841                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          20877                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        20841                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total           20877                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        20841                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total          20877                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     55881882                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  15111813161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15167695043                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     55881882                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  15111813161                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15167695043                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     55881882                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  15111813161                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15167695043                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.334569                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334948                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.334130                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334508                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.334130                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334508                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1552274.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 725100.194856                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 726526.562389                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1552274.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 725100.194856                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 726526.562389                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1552274.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 725100.194856                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 726526.562389                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                        14097                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2047.464408                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                         211949                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                        16145                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                        13.127841                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.084086                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst     5.068373                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data  1551.344820                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data         463.967129                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013225                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.002475                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.757493                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.226546                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.999738                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        34187                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                 34189                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks          10948                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total               10948                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          176                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::total                 176                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data        34363                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                  34365                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data        34363                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                 34365                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        14046                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total               14090                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        14046                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                14090                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        14046                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total               14090                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     91619831                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  11619172377                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   11710792208                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     91619831                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  11619172377                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total    11710792208                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     91619831                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  11619172377                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total   11710792208                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        48233                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total             48279                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        10948                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total           10948                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          176                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total             176                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        48409                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total              48455                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           46                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        48409                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total             48455                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.956522                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.291211                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.291845                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.956522                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.290153                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.290785                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.956522                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.290153                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.290785                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2082268.886364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 827222.866083                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 831142.101348                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2082268.886364                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 827222.866083                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 831142.101348                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2082268.886364                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 827222.866083                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 831142.101348                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks               6271                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                    6271                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l213.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l213.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l213.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l213.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        14045                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          14089                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        14045                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total           14089                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        14045                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total          14089                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     87754991                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  10384421183                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10472176174                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     87754991                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  10384421183                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10472176174                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     87754991                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  10384421183                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10472176174                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.956522                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.291191                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.291825                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.956522                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.290132                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.290765                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.956522                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.290132                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.290765                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1994431.613636                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 739367.830758                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 743287.399674                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1994431.613636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 739367.830758                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 743287.399674                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1994431.613636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 739367.830758                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 743287.399674                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                        20905                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2047.834920                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                         182846                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                        22953                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                         7.966105                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.426982                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst     2.896392                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data  1677.453357                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data         339.058189                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013880                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.001414                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.819069                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.165556                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.999919                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        41485                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                 41486                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks           7596                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total                7596                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           84                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::total                  84                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data        41569                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                  41570                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data        41569                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                 41570                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        20866                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total               20904                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        20867                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                20905                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        20867                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total               20905                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     76011934                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  16744387202                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   16820399136                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       699857                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       699857                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     76011934                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  16745087059                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total    16821098993                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     76011934                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  16745087059                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total   16821098993                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        62351                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total             62390                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         7596                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total            7596                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           85                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total              85                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        62436                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total              62475                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        62436                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total             62475                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.334654                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.335054                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.011765                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.011765                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.334214                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.334614                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.334214                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.334614                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2000314.052632                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 802472.309115                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 804649.786452                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       699857                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total       699857                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2000314.052632                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 802467.391527                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 804644.773643                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2000314.052632                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 802467.391527                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 804644.773643                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks               2837                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                    2837                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        20866                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          20904                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        20867                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total           20905                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        20867                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total          20905                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     72674850                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  14911859385                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14984534235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       612057                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       612057                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     72674850                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  14912471442                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14985146292                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     72674850                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  14912471442                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14985146292                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.334654                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.335054                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.011765                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011765                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.334214                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334614                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.334214                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334614                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1912496.052632                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 714648.681348                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 716826.168915                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       612057                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       612057                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1912496.052632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 714643.764892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 716821.157235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1912496.052632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 714643.764892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 716821.157235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                        14105                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2047.456536                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                         212004                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                        16153                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                        13.124745                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.072099                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst     4.845367                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data  1551.691463                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data         463.847607                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013219                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.002366                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.757662                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.226488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.999735                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        34229                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                 34231                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks          10961                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total               10961                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          180                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total                 180                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data        34409                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                  34411                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data        34409                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                 34411                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        14057                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total               14098                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        14057                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                14098                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        14057                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total               14098                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     63891569                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  11476045213                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   11539936782                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     63891569                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  11476045213                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total    11539936782                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     63891569                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  11476045213                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total   11539936782                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        48286                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total             48329                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        10961                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total           10961                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          180                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total             180                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        48466                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total              48509                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        48466                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total             48509                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.291120                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.291709                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.290038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.290626                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.290038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.290626                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1558330.951220                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 816393.626876                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 818551.339339                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1558330.951220                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 816393.626876                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 818551.339339                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1558330.951220                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 816393.626876                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 818551.339339                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks               6279                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                    6279                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l215.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l215.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l215.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l215.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        14056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          14097                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        14056                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total           14097                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        14056                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total          14097                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     60291287                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  10241187365                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10301478652                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     60291287                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  10241187365                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10301478652                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     60291287                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  10241187365                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10301478652                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.291099                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.291688                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.290018                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.290606                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.290018                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.290606                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1470519.195122                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 728598.987265                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 730756.803008                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1470519.195122                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 728598.987265                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 730756.803008                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1470519.195122                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 728598.987265                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 730756.803008                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              559.735088                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1013978155                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  563                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1801026.918295                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    33.966564                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst   525.768524                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.054434                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.842578                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.897011                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     13945886                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13945886                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     13945886                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total       13945886                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     13945886                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total      13945886                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     72652379                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     72652379                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     72652379                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     72652379                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     72652379                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     72652379                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     13945935                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13945935                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     13945935                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total     13945935                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     13945935                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total     13945935                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1482701.612245                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1482701.612245                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1482701.612245                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1482701.612245                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1482701.612245                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1482701.612245                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     55485113                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     55485113                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     55485113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     55485113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     55485113                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     55485113                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1541253.138889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1541253.138889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1541253.138889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1541253.138889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1541253.138889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1541253.138889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                62385                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              243200092                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                62641                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs              3882.442681                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   200.182159                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    55.817841                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.781962                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.218038                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data     20490645                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      20490645                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      3946855                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3946855                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         9322                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         9322                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         9258                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         9258                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data     24437500                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total       24437500                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data     24437500                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total      24437500                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data       218732                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       218732                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          368                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          368                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data       219100                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total       219100                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data       219100                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total       219100                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  96925182386                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  96925182386                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     37898937                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     37898937                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  96963081323                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  96963081323                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  96963081323                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  96963081323                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     20709377                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     20709377                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      3947223                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3947223                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         9322                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         9322                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         9258                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         9258                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     24656600                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total     24656600                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     24656600                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total     24656600                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.010562                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010562                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000093                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000093                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008886                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008886                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008886                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008886                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 443123.010744                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 443123.010744                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 102986.241848                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102986.241848                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 442551.717586                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 442551.717586                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 442551.717586                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 442551.717586                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7621                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total            7621                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       156430                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       156430                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          285                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          285                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       156715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       156715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       156715                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       156715                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        62302                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        62302                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           83                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           83                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        62385                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        62385                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        62385                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        62385                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  19620768014                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19620768014                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      5390348                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5390348                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  19626158362                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19626158362                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  19626158362                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19626158362                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003008                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003008                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002530                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002530                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002530                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002530                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 314929.986421                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 314929.986421                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 64943.951807                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64943.951807                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 314597.392995                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 314597.392995                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 314597.392995                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 314597.392995                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              517.716911                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs             1087565795                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             2095502.495183                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    42.716911                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.068457                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.829675                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     14430258                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      14430258                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     14430258                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total       14430258                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     14430258                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total      14430258                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     93426284                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     93426284                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     93426284                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     93426284                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     93426284                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     93426284                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     14430315                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     14430315                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     14430315                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total     14430315                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     14430315                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total     14430315                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1639057.614035                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1639057.614035                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1639057.614035                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1639057.614035                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1639057.614035                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1639057.614035                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     81280784                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     81280784                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     81280784                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     81280784                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     81280784                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     81280784                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1847290.545455                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1847290.545455                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1847290.545455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1847290.545455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1847290.545455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1847290.545455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                48359                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              180533129                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                48615                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs              3713.527286                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   233.555204                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    22.444796                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.912325                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.087675                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      9936924                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9936924                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      8363348                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8363348                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        21851                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        21851                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        20137                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        20137                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data     18300272                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total       18300272                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data     18300272                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total      18300272                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data       154786                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       154786                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1064                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1064                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data       155850                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total       155850                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data       155850                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total       155850                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  52807402365                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  52807402365                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     89991640                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     89991640                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  52897394005                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  52897394005                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  52897394005                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  52897394005                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     10091710                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10091710                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      8364412                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8364412                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        21851                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        21851                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        20137                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        20137                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     18456122                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total     18456122                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     18456122                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total     18456122                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.015338                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015338                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000127                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 341163.944834                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 341163.944834                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 84578.609023                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84578.609023                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 339412.216907                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 339412.216907                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 339412.216907                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 339412.216907                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        10934                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total           10934                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       106607                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       106607                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          884                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          884                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       107491                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       107491                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       107491                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       107491                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        48179                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        48179                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          180                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          180                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        48359                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        48359                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        48359                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        48359                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  14085177934                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14085177934                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     11618269                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11618269                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  14096796203                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14096796203                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  14096796203                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14096796203                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.004774                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004774                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002620                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002620                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002620                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002620                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 292350.981423                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 292350.981423                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 64545.938889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64545.938889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 291503.054302                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 291503.054302                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 291503.054302                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 291503.054302                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              496.335048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs             1090980722                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  500                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             2181961.444000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    41.335048                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.066242                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.795409                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     14856708                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      14856708                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     14856708                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total       14856708                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     14856708                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total      14856708                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    165431893                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    165431893                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    165431893                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    165431893                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    165431893                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    165431893                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     14856765                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     14856765                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     14856765                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total     14856765                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     14856765                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total     14856765                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2902313.912281                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2902313.912281                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2902313.912281                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2902313.912281                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2902313.912281                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2902313.912281                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      3389094                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 847273.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           45                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    110328402                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    110328402                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    110328402                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    110328402                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    110328402                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    110328402                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2451742.266667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2451742.266667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2451742.266667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2451742.266667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2451742.266667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2451742.266667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                43995                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              179068369                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                44251                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs              4046.651353                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   233.551700                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    22.448300                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.912311                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.087689                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data     11862886                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      11862886                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      8809859                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8809859                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        22911                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        22911                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        21396                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        21396                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data     20672745                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total       20672745                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data     20672745                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total      20672745                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data       113070                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       113070                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2742                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2742                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data       115812                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total       115812                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data       115812                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total       115812                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  25410529762                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  25410529762                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    318582529                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    318582529                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  25729112291                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  25729112291                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  25729112291                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  25729112291                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     11975956                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11975956                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      8812601                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8812601                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        22911                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        22911                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        21396                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        21396                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     20788557                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total     20788557                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     20788557                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total     20788557                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009441                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009441                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000311                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000311                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 224732.729831                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 224732.729831                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 116186.188549                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 116186.188549                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 222162.749033                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 222162.749033                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 222162.749033                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 222162.749033                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      2233415                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 558353.750000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        10447                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total           10447                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        69349                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        69349                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         2468                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         2468                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        71817                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        71817                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        71817                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        71817                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        43721                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        43721                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          274                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          274                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        43995                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        43995                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        43995                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        43995                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  10574109834                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10574109834                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     34628209                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     34628209                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  10608738043                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10608738043                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  10608738043                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10608738043                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003651                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003651                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 241854.253883                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 241854.253883                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 126380.324818                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 126380.324818                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 241135.084510                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 241135.084510                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 241135.084510                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 241135.084510                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              517.782460                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs             1087584550                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             2095538.631985                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    42.782460                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.068562                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.829780                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     14449013                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      14449013                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     14449013                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total       14449013                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     14449013                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total      14449013                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     83154836                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     83154836                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     83154836                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     83154836                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     83154836                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     83154836                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     14449071                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     14449071                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     14449071                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total     14449071                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     14449071                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total     14449071                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1433704.068966                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1433704.068966                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1433704.068966                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1433704.068966                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1433704.068966                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1433704.068966                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     70687335                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     70687335                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     70687335                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     70687335                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     70687335                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     70687335                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1606530.340909                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1606530.340909                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1606530.340909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1606530.340909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1606530.340909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1606530.340909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                48417                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              180554416                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                48673                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs              3709.539498                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   233.553378                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    22.446622                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.912318                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.087682                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      9948012                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9948012                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      8373477                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8373477                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        21897                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        21897                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        20161                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        20161                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data     18321489                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total       18321489                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data     18321489                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total      18321489                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data       154988                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       154988                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1024                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1024                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data       156012                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total       156012                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data       156012                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total       156012                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  52215931041                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  52215931041                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     86322293                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     86322293                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  52302253334                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  52302253334                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  52302253334                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  52302253334                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     10103000                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10103000                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      8374501                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8374501                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        21897                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        21897                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        20161                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        20161                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     18477501                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total     18477501                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     18477501                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total     18477501                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.015341                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015341                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000122                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000122                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008443                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008443                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008443                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008443                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 336903.057275                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 336903.057275                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 84299.114258                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84299.114258                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 335245.066623                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 335245.066623                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 335245.066623                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 335245.066623                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        10950                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total           10950                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       106746                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       106746                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          849                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          849                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       107595                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       107595                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       107595                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       107595                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        48242                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        48242                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          175                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          175                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        48417                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        48417                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        48417                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        48417                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  13929242219                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13929242219                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     11305767                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11305767                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  13940547986                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13940547986                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  13940547986                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13940547986                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.004775                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004775                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002620                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002620                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002620                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002620                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 288736.831371                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 288736.831371                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 64604.382857                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64604.382857                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 287926.719665                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 287926.719665                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 287926.719665                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 287926.719665                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              560.565790                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs             1014004727                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  564                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1797880.721631                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    35.391597                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst   525.174193                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.056717                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.841625                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.898343                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     13972458                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13972458                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     13972458                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total       13972458                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     13972458                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total      13972458                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     77850041                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     77850041                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     77850041                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     77850041                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     77850041                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     77850041                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     13972507                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13972507                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     13972507                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total     13972507                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     13972507                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total     13972507                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1588776.346939                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1588776.346939                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1588776.346939                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1588776.346939                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1588776.346939                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1588776.346939                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     65863480                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     65863480                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     65863480                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     65863480                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     65863480                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     65863480                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1780094.054054                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1780094.054054                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1780094.054054                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1780094.054054                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1780094.054054                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1780094.054054                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                62616                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              243257088                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                62872                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs              3869.084616                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   199.157455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    56.842545                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.777959                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.222041                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data     20539939                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      20539939                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      3954533                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3954533                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         9329                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         9329                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         9275                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         9275                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data     24494472                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total       24494472                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data     24494472                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total      24494472                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data       219489                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       219489                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          356                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          356                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data       219845                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total       219845                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data       219845                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total       219845                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  95830796274                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  95830796274                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     36984215                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     36984215                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  95867780489                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  95867780489                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  95867780489                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  95867780489                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     20759428                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     20759428                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      3954889                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3954889                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         9329                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         9329                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         9275                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         9275                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     24714317                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total     24714317                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     24714317                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total     24714317                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.010573                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010573                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000090                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000090                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008895                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008895                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008895                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008895                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 436608.651340                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 436608.651340                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 103888.244382                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103888.244382                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 436069.869631                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 436069.869631                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 436069.869631                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 436069.869631                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7657                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total            7657                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       156955                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       156955                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          273                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          273                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       157228                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       157228                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       157228                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       157228                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        62534                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        62534                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           83                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           83                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        62617                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        62617                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        62617                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        62617                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  19428125649                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19428125649                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      6112591                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6112591                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  19434238240                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19434238240                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  19434238240                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19434238240                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003012                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003012                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002534                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002534                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002534                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002534                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 310680.999920                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 310680.999920                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 73645.674699                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73645.674699                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 310366.805181                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 310366.805181                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 310366.805181                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 310366.805181                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              495.924492                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs             1090974482                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  500                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             2181948.964000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    40.924492                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.065584                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794751                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     14850468                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      14850468                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     14850468                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total       14850468                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     14850468                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total      14850468                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    165607149                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    165607149                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    165607149                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    165607149                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    165607149                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    165607149                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     14850526                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     14850526                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     14850526                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total     14850526                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     14850526                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total     14850526                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2855295.672414                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2855295.672414                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2855295.672414                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2855295.672414                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2855295.672414                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2855295.672414                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      4027158                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 1006789.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           45                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    109501407                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    109501407                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    109501407                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    109501407                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    109501407                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    109501407                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2433364.600000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2433364.600000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2433364.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2433364.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2433364.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2433364.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                43958                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              179063347                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                44214                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs              4049.924164                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   233.553520                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    22.446480                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.912318                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.087682                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data     11861829                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      11861829                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      8805858                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8805858                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        22957                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        22957                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        21386                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        21386                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data     20667687                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total       20667687                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data     20667687                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total      20667687                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data       113073                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       113073                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2769                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2769                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data       115842                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total       115842                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data       115842                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total       115842                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  25530932445                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  25530932445                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    312192248                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    312192248                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  25843124693                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  25843124693                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  25843124693                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  25843124693                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     11974902                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11974902                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      8808627                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8808627                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        22957                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        22957                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        21386                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        21386                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     20783529                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total     20783529                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     20783529                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total     20783529                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009442                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009442                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000314                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000314                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005574                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005574                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005574                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005574                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 225791.589902                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 225791.589902                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 112745.485013                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 112745.485013                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 223089.420875                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 223089.420875                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 223089.420875                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 223089.420875                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       646415                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 161603.750000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        10437                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total           10437                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        69391                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        69391                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2493                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         2493                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        71884                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        71884                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        71884                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        71884                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        43682                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        43682                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          276                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          276                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        43958                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        43958                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        43958                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        43958                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  10627041784                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10627041784                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     35761461                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     35761461                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  10662803245                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10662803245                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  10662803245                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10662803245                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003648                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003648                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002115                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002115                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002115                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002115                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 243281.941852                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 243281.941852                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 129570.510870                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 129570.510870                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 242567.979549                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 242567.979549                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 242567.979549                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 242567.979549                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              579.291452                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs             1120546493                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  583                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1922035.150943                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    38.265006                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst   541.026446                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.061322                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.867030                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.928352                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     13019175                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13019175                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     13019175                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total       13019175                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     13019175                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total      13019175                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           63                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           63                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           63                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           63                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           63                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           63                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    119624027                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    119624027                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    119624027                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    119624027                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    119624027                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    119624027                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     13019238                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13019238                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     13019238                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total     13019238                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     13019238                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total     13019238                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1898794.079365                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1898794.079365                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1898794.079365                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1898794.079365                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1898794.079365                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1898794.079365                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           23                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     79543138                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     79543138                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     79543138                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     79543138                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     79543138                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     79543138                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1988578.450000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1988578.450000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1988578.450000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1988578.450000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1988578.450000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1988578.450000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                89381                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              487981528                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                89637                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs              5443.974341                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   111.913593                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data   144.086407                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.437162                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.562838                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data     34092796                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      34092796                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data     18665097                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     18665097                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         9123                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         9123                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         9106                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         9106                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data     52757893                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total       52757893                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data     52757893                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total      52757893                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data       326950                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       326950                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          358                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          358                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data       327308                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total       327308                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data       327308                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total       327308                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 160306295446                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 160306295446                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    316717625                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    316717625                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 160623013071                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 160623013071                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 160623013071                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 160623013071                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     34419746                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     34419746                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     18665455                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     18665455                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         9123                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         9123                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         9106                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         9106                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     53085201                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total     53085201                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     53085201                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total     53085201                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.009499                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009499                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000019                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006166                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006166                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006166                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006166                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 490308.290093                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 490308.290093                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 884686.103352                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 884686.103352                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 490739.649110                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 490739.649110                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 490739.649110                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 490739.649110                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        14941                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total           14941                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       237654                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       237654                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          273                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          273                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       237927                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       237927                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       237927                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       237927                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        89296                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        89296                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           85                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           85                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        89381                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        89381                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        89381                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        89381                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  42373187574                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  42373187574                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     89287384                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     89287384                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  42462474958                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  42462474958                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  42462474958                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  42462474958                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002594                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002594                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.001684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.001684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 474525.035545                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 474525.035545                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 1050439.811765                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1050439.811765                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 475072.721921                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 475072.721921                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 475072.721921                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 475072.721921                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              519.863284                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs             1087587160                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  521                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             2087499.347409                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    44.863284                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.071896                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.833114                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     14451623                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      14451623                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     14451623                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total       14451623                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     14451623                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total      14451623                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    101531743                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    101531743                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    101531743                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    101531743                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    101531743                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    101531743                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     14451680                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     14451680                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     14451680                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total     14451680                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     14451680                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total     14451680                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1781258.649123                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1781258.649123                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1781258.649123                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1781258.649123                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1781258.649123                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1781258.649123                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1087206                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       543603                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           46                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     91649164                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     91649164                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     91649164                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     91649164                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     91649164                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     91649164                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1992373.130435                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1992373.130435                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1992373.130435                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1992373.130435                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1992373.130435                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1992373.130435                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                48425                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              180555309                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                48681                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs              3708.948234                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   233.551967                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    22.448033                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.912312                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.087688                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      9947886                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9947886                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      8374646                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8374646                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        21744                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        21744                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        20164                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        20164                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data     18322532                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total       18322532                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data     18322532                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total      18322532                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data       155082                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       155082                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1051                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1051                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data       156133                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total       156133                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data       156133                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total       156133                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  52310987073                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  52310987073                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     88485016                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     88485016                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  52399472089                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  52399472089                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  52399472089                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  52399472089                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     10102968                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10102968                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      8375697                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8375697                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        21744                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        21744                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        20164                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        20164                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     18478665                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total     18478665                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     18478665                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total     18478665                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.015350                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015350                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000125                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008449                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008449                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008449                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008449                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 337311.790363                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 337311.790363                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 84191.261656                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84191.261656                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 335607.924584                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 335607.924584                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 335607.924584                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 335607.924584                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        10952                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total           10952                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       106836                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       106836                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          872                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          872                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       107708                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       107708                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       107708                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       107708                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        48246                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        48246                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          179                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          179                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        48425                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        48425                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        48425                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        48425                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  13899805126                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13899805126                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     11537857                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11537857                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  13911342983                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13911342983                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  13911342983                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13911342983                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.004775                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004775                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002621                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002621                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002621                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002621                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 288102.746881                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 288102.746881                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 64457.301676                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64457.301676                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 287276.055405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 287276.055405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 287276.055405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 287276.055405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              496.336336                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs             1090983967                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  500                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             2181967.934000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    41.336336                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.066244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.795411                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     14859953                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      14859953                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     14859953                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total       14859953                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     14859953                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total      14859953                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    168680574                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    168680574                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    168680574                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    168680574                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    168680574                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    168680574                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     14860011                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     14860011                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     14860011                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total     14860011                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     14860011                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total     14860011                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2908285.758621                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2908285.758621                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2908285.758621                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2908285.758621                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2908285.758621                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2908285.758621                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      3433804                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       858451                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           45                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    110626464                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    110626464                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    110626464                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    110626464                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    110626464                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    110626464                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2458365.866667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2458365.866667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2458365.866667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2458365.866667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2458365.866667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2458365.866667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                43975                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              179070145                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                44231                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs              4048.521286                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   233.552565                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    22.447435                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.912315                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.087685                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data     11865541                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      11865541                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      8808893                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8808893                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        23000                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        23000                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        21394                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        21394                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data     20674434                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total       20674434                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data     20674434                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total      20674434                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data       113157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       113157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2768                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2768                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data       115925                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total       115925                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data       115925                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total       115925                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  25366493004                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  25366493004                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    309586391                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    309586391                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  25676079395                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  25676079395                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  25676079395                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  25676079395                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     11978698                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11978698                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      8811661                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8811661                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        23000                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        23000                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        21394                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        21394                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     20790359                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total     20790359                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     20790359                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total     20790359                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.009447                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009447                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000314                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000314                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005576                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005576                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005576                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005576                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 224170.780455                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 224170.780455                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 111844.794436                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 111844.794436                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 221488.715937                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 221488.715937                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 221488.715937                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 221488.715937                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       663385                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 165846.250000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        10445                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total           10445                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        69458                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        69458                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2492                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         2492                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        71950                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        71950                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        71950                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        71950                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        43699                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        43699                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          276                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          276                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        43975                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        43975                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        43975                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        43975                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  10540735427                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10540735427                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     36235803                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     36235803                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  10576971230                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10576971230                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  10576971230                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10576971230                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003648                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003648                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002115                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002115                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002115                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002115                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 241212.280075                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 241212.280075                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 131289.141304                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 131289.141304                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 240522.370210                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 240522.370210                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 240522.370210                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 240522.370210                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              528.064903                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1092461316                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  530                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             2061247.766038                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    39.002182                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst   489.062721                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.062503                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.783754                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.846258                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     13274839                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13274839                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     13274839                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total       13274839                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     13274839                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total      13274839                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     92300654                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     92300654                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     92300654                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     92300654                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     92300654                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     92300654                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     13274894                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13274894                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     13274894                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total     13274894                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     13274894                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total     13274894                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1678193.709091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1678193.709091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1678193.709091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1678193.709091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1678193.709091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1678193.709091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        67545                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        67545                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     74543381                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     74543381                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     74543381                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     74543381                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     74543381                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     74543381                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1863584.525000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1863584.525000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1863584.525000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1863584.525000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1863584.525000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1863584.525000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                78464                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              193978614                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                78720                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs              2464.159223                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   234.337778                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    21.662222                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.915382                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.084618                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      9197549                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9197549                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      7621545                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7621545                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        22073                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        22073                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        17781                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17781                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data     16819094                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total       16819094                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data     16819094                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total      16819094                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data       204713                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       204713                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1064                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1064                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data       205777                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total       205777                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data       205777                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total       205777                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  90603813974                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  90603813974                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    382809529                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    382809529                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  90986623503                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  90986623503                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  90986623503                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  90986623503                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      9402262                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9402262                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      7622609                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7622609                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        22073                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        22073                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        17781                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17781                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     17024871                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17024871                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     17024871                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17024871                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.021773                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021773                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000140                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000140                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.012087                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012087                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.012087                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012087                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 442589.449493                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 442589.449493                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 359783.391917                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 359783.391917                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 442161.288691                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 442161.288691                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 442161.288691                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 442161.288691                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       156133                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       156133                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9039                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total            9039                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       126394                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       126394                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          918                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          918                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       127312                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       127312                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       127312                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       127312                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        78319                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        78319                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          146                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          146                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        78465                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        78465                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        78465                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        78465                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  35647435130                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  35647435130                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     34112101                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     34112101                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  35681547231                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  35681547231                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  35681547231                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  35681547231                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008330                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008330                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.004609                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004609                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.004609                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004609                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 455156.923990                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 455156.923990                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 233644.527397                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 233644.527397                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 454744.755381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 454744.755381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 454744.755381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 454744.755381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              528.786859                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs             1092517918                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  530                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             2061354.562264                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    38.786859                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.062158                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.847415                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     13331441                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13331441                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     13331441                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total       13331441                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     13331441                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total      13331441                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    103348957                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    103348957                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    103348957                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    103348957                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    103348957                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    103348957                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     13331499                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13331499                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     13331499                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total     13331499                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     13331499                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total     13331499                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1781878.568966                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1781878.568966                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1781878.568966                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1781878.568966                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1781878.568966                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1781878.568966                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     63870501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     63870501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     63870501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     63870501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     63870501                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     63870501                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1596762.525000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1596762.525000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1596762.525000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1596762.525000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1596762.525000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1596762.525000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                78713                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              194053408                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                78969                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs              2457.336524                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   234.336826                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    21.663174                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.915378                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.084622                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      9238839                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9238839                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      7654816                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7654816                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        22229                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        22229                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        17858                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17858                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data     16893655                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total       16893655                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data     16893655                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total      16893655                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data       205407                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       205407                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1052                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1052                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data       206459                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total       206459                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data       206459                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total       206459                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  89150202337                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  89150202337                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    368030547                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    368030547                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  89518232884                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  89518232884                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  89518232884                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  89518232884                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      9444246                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9444246                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      7655868                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7655868                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        22229                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        22229                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        17858                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17858                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     17100114                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17100114                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     17100114                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17100114                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.021749                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021749                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000137                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000137                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.012074                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012074                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.012074                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012074                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 434017.352559                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 434017.352559                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 349838.923004                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 349838.923004                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 433588.426196                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 433588.426196                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 433588.426196                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 433588.426196                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       469372                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 156457.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9073                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total            9073                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       126840                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       126840                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          906                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          906                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       127746                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       127746                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       127746                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       127746                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        78567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        78567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          146                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          146                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        78713                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        78713                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        78713                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        78713                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  35032760799                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  35032760799                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     33397975                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     33397975                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  35066158774                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  35066158774                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  35066158774                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  35066158774                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008319                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008319                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.004603                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004603                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.004603                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004603                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 445896.633434                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 445896.633434                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 228753.253425                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 228753.253425                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 445493.867265                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 445493.867265                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 445493.867265                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 445493.867265                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              517.718541                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs             1087565173                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             2095501.296724                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    42.718541                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.068459                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.829677                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     14429636                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      14429636                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     14429636                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total       14429636                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     14429636                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total      14429636                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           62                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           62                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           62                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           62                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           62                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           62                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     90422082                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     90422082                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     90422082                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     90422082                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     90422082                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     90422082                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     14429698                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     14429698                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     14429698                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total     14429698                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     14429698                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total     14429698                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1458420.677419                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1458420.677419                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1458420.677419                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1458420.677419                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1458420.677419                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1458420.677419                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     77575227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     77575227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     77575227                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     77575227                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     77575227                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     77575227                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1763073.340909                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1763073.340909                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1763073.340909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1763073.340909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1763073.340909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1763073.340909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                48354                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              180533244                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                48610                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs              3713.911623                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   233.555455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    22.444545                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.912326                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.087674                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      9937225                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9937225                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      8363151                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8363151                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        21862                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        21862                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        20137                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        20137                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data     18300376                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total       18300376                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data     18300376                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total      18300376                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data       154854                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       154854                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1040                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1040                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data       155894                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total       155894                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data       155894                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total       155894                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  52953286248                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  52953286248                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     87786631                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     87786631                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  53041072879                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  53041072879                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  53041072879                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  53041072879                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     10092079                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10092079                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      8364191                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8364191                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        21862                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        21862                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        20137                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        20137                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     18456270                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total     18456270                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     18456270                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total     18456270                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.015344                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015344                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000124                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008447                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008447                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008447                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008447                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 341956.205510                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 341956.205510                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 84410.222115                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84410.222115                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 340238.064833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 340238.064833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 340238.064833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 340238.064833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        10933                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total           10933                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       106677                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       106677                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          863                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          863                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       107540                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       107540                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       107540                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       107540                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        48177                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        48177                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          177                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          177                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        48354                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        48354                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        48354                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        48354                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  14107701477                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14107701477                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     11423690                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11423690                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  14119125167                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14119125167                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  14119125167                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14119125167                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.004774                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004774                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002620                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002620                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002620                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002620                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 292830.634473                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 292830.634473                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 64540.621469                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64540.621469                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 291994.978016                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 291994.978016                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 291994.978016                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 291994.978016                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              559.625500                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1013955452                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  564                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1797793.354610                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    34.977385                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst   524.648114                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.056054                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.840782                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.896836                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     13923183                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13923183                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     13923183                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total       13923183                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     13923183                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total      13923183                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     76503841                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     76503841                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     76503841                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     76503841                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     76503841                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     76503841                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     13923237                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13923237                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     13923237                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total     13923237                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     13923237                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total     13923237                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1416737.796296                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1416737.796296                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1416737.796296                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1416737.796296                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1416737.796296                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1416737.796296                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     59419494                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     59419494                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     59419494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     59419494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     59419494                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     59419494                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1605932.270270                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1605932.270270                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1605932.270270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1605932.270270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1605932.270270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1605932.270270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                62374                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              243173016                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                62630                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs              3882.692256                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   199.385430                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    56.614570                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.778849                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.221151                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data     20468600                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      20468600                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      3941853                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3941853                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         9303                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         9303                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         9248                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         9248                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data     24410453                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total       24410453                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data     24410453                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total      24410453                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data       218658                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       218658                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          356                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          356                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data       219014                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total       219014                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data       219014                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total       219014                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  98097849183                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  98097849183                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     36296730                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     36296730                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  98134145913                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  98134145913                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  98134145913                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  98134145913                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     20687258                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     20687258                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      3942209                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3942209                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         9303                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         9303                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         9248                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         9248                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     24629467                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total     24629467                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     24629467                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total     24629467                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.010570                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010570                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000090                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000090                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008892                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008892                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008892                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008892                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 448635.994032                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 448635.994032                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 101957.106742                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101957.106742                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 448072.478988                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 448072.478988                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 448072.478988                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 448072.478988                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7631                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total            7631                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       156366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       156366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          274                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          274                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       156640                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       156640                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       156640                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       156640                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        62292                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        62292                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           82                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           82                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        62374                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        62374                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        62374                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        62374                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  19832384072                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19832384072                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      5290119                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5290119                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  19837674191                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19837674191                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  19837674191                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19837674191                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003011                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003011                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002532                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002532                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002532                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002532                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 318377.706158                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 318377.706158                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 64513.646341                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64513.646341                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 318043.963687                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 318043.963687                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 318043.963687                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 318043.963687                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              519.811924                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs             1087578265                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  521                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             2087482.274472                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    44.811924                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.071814                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.833032                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     14442728                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      14442728                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     14442728                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total       14442728                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     14442728                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total      14442728                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     98514201                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     98514201                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     98514201                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     98514201                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     98514201                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     98514201                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     14442782                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     14442782                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     14442782                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total     14442782                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     14442782                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total     14442782                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1824337.055556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1824337.055556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1824337.055556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1824337.055556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1824337.055556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1824337.055556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       504284                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       252142                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           46                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     92139380                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     92139380                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     92139380                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     92139380                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     92139380                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     92139380                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2003030                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      2003030                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2003030                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      2003030                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2003030                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      2003030                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                48409                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              180555144                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                48665                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs              3710.164266                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   233.546828                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    22.453172                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.912292                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.087708                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      9949551                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9949551                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      8373042                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8373042                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        21523                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        21523                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        20159                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        20159                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data     18322593                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total       18322593                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data     18322593                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total      18322593                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data       154869                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       154869                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1029                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1029                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data       155898                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total       155898                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data       155898                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total       155898                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  52274372794                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  52274372794                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     86591685                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     86591685                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  52360964479                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  52360964479                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  52360964479                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  52360964479                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     10104420                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10104420                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      8374071                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8374071                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        21523                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        21523                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        20159                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        20159                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     18478491                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total     18478491                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     18478491                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total     18478491                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.015327                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015327                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000123                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000123                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008437                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008437                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008437                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008437                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 337539.293170                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 337539.293170                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 84151.297376                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84151.297376                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 335866.813423                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 335866.813423                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 335866.813423                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 335866.813423                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        10948                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total           10948                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       106636                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       106636                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          853                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          853                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       107489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       107489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       107489                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       107489                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        48233                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        48233                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          176                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          176                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        48409                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        48409                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        48409                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        48409                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  13965570563                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13965570563                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     11360576                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11360576                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  13976931139                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13976931139                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  13976931139                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13976931139                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.004773                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004773                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002620                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002620                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002620                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002620                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 289543.892418                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 289543.892418                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 64548.727273                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64548.727273                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 288725.880291                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 288725.880291                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 288725.880291                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 288725.880291                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              562.074447                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs             1013979167                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  566                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1791482.627208                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    37.917871                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst   524.156576                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.060766                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.839995                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.900760                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     13946898                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13946898                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     13946898                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total       13946898                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     13946898                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total      13946898                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     85794963                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     85794963                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     85794963                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     85794963                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     85794963                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     85794963                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     13946948                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13946948                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     13946948                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total     13946948                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     13946948                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total     13946948                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1715899.260000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1715899.260000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1715899.260000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1715899.260000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1715899.260000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1715899.260000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     76404713                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     76404713                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     76404713                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     76404713                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     76404713                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     76404713                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1959095.205128                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1959095.205128                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1959095.205128                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1959095.205128                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1959095.205128                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1959095.205128                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                62436                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              243209191                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                62692                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs              3879.429449                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   199.838029                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    56.161971                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.780617                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.219383                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data     20498893                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      20498893                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      3947702                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3947702                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         9325                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         9325                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         9259                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         9259                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data     24446595                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total       24446595                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data     24446595                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total      24446595                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data       219115                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       219115                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          372                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          372                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data       219487                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total       219487                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data       219487                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total       219487                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  96915134988                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  96915134988                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     37727350                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     37727350                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  96952862338                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  96952862338                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  96952862338                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  96952862338                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     20718008                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     20718008                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      3948074                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3948074                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         9325                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         9325                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         9259                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         9259                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     24666082                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total     24666082                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     24666082                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total     24666082                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.010576                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010576                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000094                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000094                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008898                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008898                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008898                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008898                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 442302.603601                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 442302.603601                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 101417.607527                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101417.607527                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 441724.850848                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 441724.850848                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 441724.850848                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 441724.850848                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7596                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total            7596                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       156764                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       156764                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          287                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          287                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       157051                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       157051                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       157051                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       157051                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        62351                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        62351                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           85                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           85                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        62436                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        62436                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        62436                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        62436                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  19636738991                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19636738991                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      6165510                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6165510                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  19642904501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19642904501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  19642904501                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19642904501                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003010                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003010                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 314938.637568                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 314938.637568                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 72535.411765                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72535.411765                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 314608.631254                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 314608.631254                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 314608.631254                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 314608.631254                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              516.894006                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs             1087594367                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             2099603.025097                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    41.894006                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.067138                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.828356                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     14458830                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      14458830                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     14458830                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total       14458830                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     14458830                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total      14458830                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     75543983                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     75543983                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     75543983                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     75543983                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     75543983                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     75543983                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     14458890                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     14458890                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     14458890                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total     14458890                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     14458890                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total     14458890                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1259066.383333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1259066.383333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1259066.383333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1259066.383333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1259066.383333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1259066.383333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     64395626                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     64395626                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     64395626                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     64395626                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     64395626                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     64395626                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1497572.697674                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1497572.697674                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1497572.697674                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1497572.697674                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1497572.697674                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1497572.697674                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                48466                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              180571167                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                48722                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs              3706.152600                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   233.555849                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    22.444151                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.912328                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.087672                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      9957987                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9957987                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      8380775                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8380775                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        21357                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        21357                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        20179                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        20179                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data     18338762                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total       18338762                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data     18338762                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total      18338762                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data       155055                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       155055                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1062                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1062                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data       156117                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total       156117                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data       156117                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total       156117                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  51713534180                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  51713534180                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     89360330                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     89360330                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  51802894510                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  51802894510                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  51802894510                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  51802894510                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     10113042                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10113042                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      8381837                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8381837                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        21357                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        21357                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        20179                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        20179                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     18494879                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total     18494879                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     18494879                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total     18494879                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.015332                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015332                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000127                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008441                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008441                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008441                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008441                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 333517.359518                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 333517.359518                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 84143.436911                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84143.436911                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 331820.970874                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 331820.970874                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 331820.970874                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 331820.970874                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        10961                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total           10961                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       106769                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       106769                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          882                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          882                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       107651                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       107651                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       107651                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       107651                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        48286                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        48286                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          180                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          180                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        48466                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        48466                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        48466                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        48466                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  13825245438                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13825245438                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     11607782                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11607782                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  13836853220                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13836853220                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  13836853220                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13836853220                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.004775                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004775                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002621                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002621                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002621                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002621                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 286319.956882                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 286319.956882                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 64487.677778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64487.677778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 285496.084265                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 285496.084265                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 285496.084265                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 285496.084265                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
