
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.106038                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                106038390819                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               632225375583                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 211219                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   266749                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                1285792                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67748592                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 82469.34                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 17419075610                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   21998645590                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data      1053312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data      2216960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data      1467136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data      2233600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data      1466880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data      2248832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data      3561984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data      3571584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data      4187904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data      1051904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data      1467136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data      2233216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data      3556608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data      1054080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data      2236800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data      1055104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             34742272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           79232                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     11589504                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total          11589504                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data         8229                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data        17320                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           42                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data        11462                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data        17450                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           42                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data        11460                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data        17569                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data        27828                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data        27903                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data        32718                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data         8218                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data        11462                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data        17447                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data        27786                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data         8235                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data        17475                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data         8243                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                271424                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           90543                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                90543                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst        47077                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data      9933308                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst        41042                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     20907145                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst        50699                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     13835895                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst        44663                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     21064069                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst        50699                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     13833480                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst        42249                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     21207715                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst        48284                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     33591457                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst        48284                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     33681990                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst        48284                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     39494224                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst        47077                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data      9920030                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst        49492                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     13835895                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst        42249                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     21060448                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst        47077                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     33540758                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst        47077                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data      9940551                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst        43456                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     21094247                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst        49492                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data      9950208                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               327638620                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst        47077                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst        41042                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst        50699                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst        44663                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst        50699                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst        42249                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst        48284                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst        48284                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst        48284                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst        47077                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst        49492                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst        42249                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst        47077                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst        47077                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst        43456                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst        49492                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             747201                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         109295359                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              109295359                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         109295359                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst        47077                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data      9933308                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst        41042                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     20907145                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst        50699                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     13835895                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst        44663                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     21064069                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst        50699                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     13833480                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst        42249                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     21207715                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst        48284                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     33591457                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst        48284                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     33681990                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst        48284                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     39494224                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst        47077                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data      9920030                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst        49492                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     13835895                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst        42249                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     21060448                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst        47077                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     33540758                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst        47077                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data      9940551                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst        43456                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     21094247                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst        49492                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data      9950208                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              436933979                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                 54                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles              254288708                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups       22060620                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18366979                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2002116                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8468346                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8081150                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2374213                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        93139                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles    191893972                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts            120995186                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches          22060620                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches     10455363                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles            25227485                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles       5574389                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles     17501946                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.MiscStallCycles         4675                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           92                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines        11914384                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1913606                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples    238182279                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.624374                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.986920                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0      212954794     89.41%     89.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1        1547630      0.65%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2        1952721      0.82%     90.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3        3094306      1.30%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4        1308168      0.55%     92.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5        1685593      0.71%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6        1950111      0.82%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7         894211      0.38%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8       12794745      5.37%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total    238182279                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.086754                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.475818                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles      190768591                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles     18741115                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles        25107204                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles        11803                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles      3553564                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved      3358705                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          545                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts    147911897                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         2616                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles      3553564                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles      190962890                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles        617935                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles     17581842                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles        24924706                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles       541338                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts    146996614                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents          144                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents        77505                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents       377789                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands    205287437                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups    683604694                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups    683604694                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps    171886503                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps       33400903                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts        35612                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18564                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts         1904834                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads     13768422                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores      7200163                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads        81173                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores      1634655                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded        143514360                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35742                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued       137728963                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       127494                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17333663                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     35242840                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1351                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    238182279                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578250                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302295                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    179820840     75.50%     75.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     26614824     11.17%     86.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10889846      4.57%     91.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6097127      2.56%     93.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8265971      3.47%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2540961      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2500319      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1346665      0.57%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       105726      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    238182279                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        938851     78.83%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead       129352     10.86%     89.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       122801     10.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    116029801     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1883334      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17047      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12620453      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7178328      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total    137728963                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.541624                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1191004                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008647                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    514958702                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    160884429                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    134142365                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses    138919967                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       102304                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2596488                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           33                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          666                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       100827                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            4                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles      3553564                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles        469718                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles        59457                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143550111                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       114124                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13768422                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7200163                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18565                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents        52060                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           60                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          666                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1183158                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1126339                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts      2309497                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts    135327331                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12415910                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2401631                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   9                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs           19593565                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches       19141123                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores          7177655                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.532180                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent            134142813                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count           134142365                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers        80386934                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers       215922000                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.527520                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.372296                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100000000                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps    123223305                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20327373                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        34391                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts      2019259                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    234628715                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525184                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.343948                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    182475889     77.77%     77.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     26431898     11.27%     89.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9592267      4.09%     93.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4782050      2.04%     95.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4375917      1.87%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1835532      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1817988      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       865925      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2451249      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    234628715                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts    100000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps    123223305                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs             18271267                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads            11171934                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars             17156                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches         17860911                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts       110941122                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls      2544540                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events      2451249                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads          375727442                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes         290654958                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled               2908205                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles              16106429                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts         100000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps           123223305                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total    100000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.542887                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.542887                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.393254                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.393254                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads      608911843                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes     187442521                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads     136792349                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes        34362                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                 23                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles              254288708                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups       17437760                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15561785                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1383280                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     11561767                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits       11361130                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1046673                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        41860                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles    184049839                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts             99016167                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches          17437760                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches     12407803                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles            22067588                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles       4545342                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles      7492538                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines        11132859                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1357996                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples    216764210                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.511888                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.748333                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0      194696622     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1        3363291      1.55%     91.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2        1694718      0.78%     92.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3        3321337      1.53%     93.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4        1069047      0.49%     94.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5        3074799      1.42%     95.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6         485621      0.22%     95.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7         791858      0.37%     96.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8        8266917      3.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total    216764210                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.068575                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.389385                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles      182289841                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles      9294750                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles        22024165                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles        17557                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles      3137893                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved      1655836                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred        16352                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts    110783664                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts        31043                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles      3137893                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles      182489843                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles       6020829                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles      2639392                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles        21825801                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles       650448                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts    110622509                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents          199                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents        86648                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents       498040                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands    144991324                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups    501358333                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups    501358333                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps    117624494                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps       27366703                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts        14873                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7529                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts         1495470                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads     19914413                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores      3249229                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads        20340                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores       741191                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded        110046223                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        14926                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued       103057339                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        67190                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     19826544                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     40561836                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          110                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    216764210                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.475435                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.089027                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    171585044     79.16%     79.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14214167      6.56%     85.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     15141617      6.99%     92.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8761262      4.04%     96.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      4522998      2.09%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1135282      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1345857      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        31256      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        26727      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    216764210                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        172759     57.15%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead        71214     23.56%     80.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        58296     19.29%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     80835039     78.44%     78.44% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       808789      0.78%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7346      0.01%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     18184623     17.65%     96.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3221542      3.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total    103057339                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.405277                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt            302269                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002933                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    423248347                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    129887950                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    100454484                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses    103359608                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        82400                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4036754                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          107                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          265                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        80425                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles      3137893                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles       5280707                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles        78035                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    110061227                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5312                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     19914413                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3249229                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7525                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents        37239                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2118                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          265                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       931757                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       535710                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts      1467467                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts    101752043                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     17927548                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1305296                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                  78                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs           21148935                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches       15469331                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores          3221387                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.400144                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent            100477126                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count           100454484                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers        60772581                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers       132474399                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.395041                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.458750                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts     80015961                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps     90100043                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19965495                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        14816                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts      1374539                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    213626317                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.421765                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.289467                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    180079743     84.30%     84.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     13183547      6.17%     90.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8466214      3.96%     94.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2665579      1.25%     95.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4418787      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       863850      0.40%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       547474      0.26%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       500895      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2900228      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    213626317                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts     80015961                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps     90100043                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs             19046431                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads            15877627                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars              7392                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches         13824071                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts        78742878                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls      1128003                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events      2900228                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads          320791328                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes         223271558                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled               4103555                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles              37524498                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts          80015961                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps            90100043                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total     80015961                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     3.177975                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               3.177975                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.314666                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.314666                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads      472938415                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes     130901180                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads     117633223                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes        14802                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                 51                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles              254288708                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups       19681138                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16103739                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1919744                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8073751                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7737659                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2033070                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        87654                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles    189439347                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts            110097099                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches          19681138                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches      9770729                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles            22974684                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles       5248783                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles     10200968                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.MiscStallCycles         2206                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines        11589143                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1921412                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples    225921251                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598366                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.934016                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0      202946567     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1        1071543      0.47%     90.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2        1699792      0.75%     91.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3        2304044      1.02%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4        2366951      1.05%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5        2005370      0.89%     94.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6        1121699      0.50%     94.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7        1666871      0.74%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8       10738414      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total    225921251                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.077397                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.432961                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles      187491158                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles     12168159                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles        22931739                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles        26529                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles      3303665                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved      3239635                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          369                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts    135078092                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1976                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles      3303665                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles      188005310                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles       1678225                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles      9298092                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles        22449976                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles      1185980                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts    135028297                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents          181                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents       176222                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents       508808                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands    188433348                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups    628176151                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups    628176151                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps    163349423                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps       25083909                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts        33428                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts        17370                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts         3521298                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads     12628187                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores      6850654                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads        80452                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores      1670621                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded        134864032                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        33548                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued       128066992                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17543                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     14915356                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     35730450                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1162                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    225921251                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566866                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259503                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    171703777     76.00%     76.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22317910      9.88%     85.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11290910      5.00%     90.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8511045      3.77%     94.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6686032      2.96%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2703659      1.20%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1702640      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       886360      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       118918      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    225921251                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         24491     11.53%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead        77933     36.68%     48.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       110058     51.80%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    107706621     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1913958      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16055      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11601026      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6829332      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total    128066992                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.503628                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt            212482                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001659                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    482285257                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    149813469                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    126150495                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses    128279474                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       262906                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2016229                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          105                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          535                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        99592                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles      3303665                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles       1388613                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles       116889                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    134897715                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        36708                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12628187                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6850654                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        17373                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents        98649                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          535                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1116292                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1080100                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts      2196392                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts    126303730                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10917053                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1763259                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                 135                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs           17746123                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches       17947504                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores          6829070                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.496694                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent            126150689                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count           126150495                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers        72411150                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers       195114710                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.496092                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.371121                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts     95221916                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps    117169709                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts     17728024                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        32386                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts      1944022                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    222617586                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526327                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373093                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    174521842     78.40%     78.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23850105     10.71%     89.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9000381      4.04%     93.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4292567      1.93%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3631401      1.63%     96.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2075612      0.93%     97.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1803942      0.81%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       820063      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2621673      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    222617586                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts     95221916                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps    117169709                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs             17363018                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads            10611956                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars             16156                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches         16896005                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts       105568560                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls      2412785                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events      2621673                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads          354892983                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes         273099206                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled               2868983                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles              28367457                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts          95221916                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps           117169709                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total     95221916                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.670485                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.670485                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.374464                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.374464                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads      568461147                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes     175727251                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads     125237564                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes        32358                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                 47                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles              254288708                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups       18660054                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15300748                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1830875                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7818974                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7293978                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1918764                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        82853                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles    178354312                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts            106054374                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches          18660054                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches      9212742                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles            23333899                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles       5188799                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles     16987243                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines        10989796                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1820798                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples    222000858                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.584131                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.920409                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0      198666959     89.49%     89.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1        2531044      1.14%     90.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2        2926234      1.32%     91.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3        1611154      0.73%     92.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4        1846297      0.83%     93.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5        1024904      0.46%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6         698121      0.31%     94.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7        1806954      0.81%     95.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8       10889191      4.91%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total    222000858                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.073381                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.417063                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles      176894412                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles     18474356                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles        23140603                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles       183185                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles      3308300                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved      3029717                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred        17104                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts    129468736                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts        85006                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles      3308300                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles      177175671                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles       5780106                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles     11903672                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles        23049553                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles       783554                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts    129390347                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents          190                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents       200067                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents       362393                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.FullRegisterEvents           30                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands    179822691                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups    602402829                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups    602402829                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps    153696663                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps       26126010                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts        34305                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19287                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts         2096924                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads     12360680                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores      6731086                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads       176153                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores      1492592                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded        129183834                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        34368                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued       122170896                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       172413                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16020257                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36895895                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4178                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    222000858                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.550317                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.243050                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    170511723     76.81%     76.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     20718969      9.33%     86.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11131249      5.01%     91.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7694483      3.47%     94.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6729148      3.03%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3440441      1.55%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       837238      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       537101      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       400506      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    222000858                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         32061     12.19%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead       112441     42.76%     54.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       118460     45.05%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    102262612     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1908206      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        14968      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11301979      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6683131      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total    122170896                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.480442                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt            262962                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002152                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    466778025                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    145239612                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    120134361                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses    122433858                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       307952                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2176427                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          730                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1157                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       141685                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7487                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         4080                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles      3308300                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles       5349883                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles       133422                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    129218314                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        63292                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12360680                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6731086                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19294                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents        93289                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1157                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1064345                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1024884                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts      2089229                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts    120363918                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10614410                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1806978                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                 112                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs           17296145                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches       16846343                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores          6681735                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.473336                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent            120136192                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count           120134361                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers        71400555                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers       186969580                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.472433                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.381883                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts     90255141                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps    110732198                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18487250                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        30190                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts      1841498                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    218692558                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.506337                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.322671                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    173452921     79.31%     79.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     20977522      9.59%     88.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8794284      4.02%     92.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5286923      2.42%     95.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3652812      1.67%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2365291      1.08%     98.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1224938      0.56%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       984928      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1952939      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    218692558                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts     90255141                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps    110732198                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs             16773642                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads            10184246                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars             15062                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches         15847707                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts        99829518                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls      2252869                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events      1952939                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads          345958456                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes         261747283                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled               2734348                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles              32287850                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts          90255141                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps           110732198                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total     90255141                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.817443                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.817443                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.354932                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.354932                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads      542951769                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes     166736708                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads     120836296                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes        30162                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                 51                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles              254288708                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups       19656926                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16082790                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1923671                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8191266                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7740522                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2032622                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        87650                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles    189485886                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts            109904910                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches          19656926                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches      9773144                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles            22944230                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles       5237482                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles     10223801                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines        11591606                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1924942                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples    225942741                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.597393                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932391                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0      202998511     89.85%     89.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1        1068854      0.47%     90.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2        1697054      0.75%     91.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3        2303301      1.02%     92.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4        2369470      1.05%     93.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5        2004132      0.89%     94.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6        1117098      0.49%     94.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7        1671906      0.74%     95.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8       10712415      4.74%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total    225942741                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.077302                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.432205                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles      187535746                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles     12190508                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles        22901904                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles        26122                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles      3288460                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved      3236275                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          364                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts    134872898                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1922                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles      3288460                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles      188048140                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles       1681921                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles      9317193                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles        22421612                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles      1185412                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts    134823388                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents          187                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents       176075                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents       508651                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands    188147204                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups    627192913                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups    627192913                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps    163287983                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps       24859221                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts        33631                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts        17580                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts         3518680                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads     12623327                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores      6841772                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads        80406                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores      1672863                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded        134666071                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        33754                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued       127971015                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17585                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     14754475                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     35218109                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1381                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    225942741                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566387                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.258903                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    171740972     76.01%     76.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22326808      9.88%     85.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11301471      5.00%     90.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8491696      3.76%     94.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6674557      2.95%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2698584      1.19%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1703445      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       887305      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       117903      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    225942741                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         24320     11.45%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead        77893     36.67%     48.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       110195     51.88%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    107632212     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1907940      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16049      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11594697      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6820117      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total    127971015                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.503251                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt            212408                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001660                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    482114764                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    149454822                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    126047814                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses    128183423                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       258726                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2015355                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           97                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          525                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        93251                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles      3288460                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles       1392584                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles       116668                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    134699960                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        23400                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12623327                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6841772                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        17582                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents        98494                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          525                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1120542                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1079282                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts      2199824                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts    126199573                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10910280                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1771442                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                 135                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs           17730131                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches       17938102                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores          6819851                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.496285                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent            126048035                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count           126047814                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers        72354068                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers       194954610                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.495688                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.371133                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts     95186108                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps    117125651                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts     17574332                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        32373                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts      1947945                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    222654281                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526043                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.372667                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    174571418     78.40%     78.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23846268     10.71%     89.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8996182      4.04%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4289893      1.93%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3634724      1.63%     96.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2075411      0.93%     97.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1800543      0.81%     98.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       820605      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2619237      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    222654281                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts     95186108                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps    117125651                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs             17356493                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads            10607972                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars             16150                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches         16889655                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts       105528846                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls      2411870                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events      2619237                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads          354734364                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes         272688489                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled               2872359                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles              28345967                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts          95186108                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps           117125651                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total     95186108                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.671490                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.671490                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.374323                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.374323                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads      567999618                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes     175588350                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads     125031788                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes        32344                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                 47                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles              254288708                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups       18674803                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15319486                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1831408                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7845119                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7304044                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1917502                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        82492                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles    178403940                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts            106092310                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches          18674803                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches      9221546                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles            23347030                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles       5189255                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles     16632115                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines        10989565                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1820223                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples    221708925                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.585040                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.921658                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0      198361895     89.47%     89.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1        2531839      1.14%     90.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2        2937377      1.32%     91.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3        1611974      0.73%     92.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4        1846437      0.83%     93.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5        1026307      0.46%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6         697960      0.31%     94.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7        1800017      0.81%     95.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8       10895119      4.91%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total    221708925                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.073439                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.417212                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles      176947522                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles     18116085                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles        23150982                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles       185606                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles      3308728                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved      3025926                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred        17113                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts    129497955                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts        84715                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles      3308728                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles      177232067                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles       6465724                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles     10853954                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles        23059725                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles       788725                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts    129417207                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents          199                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents       203744                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents       362537                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.FullRegisterEvents            1                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands    179876050                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups    602505814                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups    602505814                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps    153765487                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps       26110563                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts        34067                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19043                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts         2112765                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads     12362142                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores      6728088                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads       176904                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores      1493235                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded        129208938                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        34156                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued       122192139                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       172236                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16004575                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36882722                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3950                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    221708925                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.551138                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.243711                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    170201900     76.77%     76.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     20730857      9.35%     86.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11136689      5.02%     91.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7698693      3.47%     94.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6727862      3.03%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3436181      1.55%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       838650      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       537172      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       400921      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    221708925                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         32664     12.47%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead       110909     42.36%     54.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       118282     45.17%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    102284027     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1908038      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        14975      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11305288      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6679811      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total    122192139                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.480525                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt            261855                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002143                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    466527294                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    145248807                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    120158446                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses    122453994                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       307643                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2173325                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          761                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1139                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       135724                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7488                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         3844                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles      3308728                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles       6029199                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles       137845                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    129243210                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        62198                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12362142                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6728088                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19068                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents        96916                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1139                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1066226                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1023336                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts      2089562                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts    120386697                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10618876                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1805442                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                 116                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs           17297203                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches       16850435                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores          6678327                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.473425                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent            120160471                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count           120158446                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers        71425665                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers       187000473                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.472528                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.381954                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts     90295618                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps    110781815                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18462729                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        30206                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts      1841754                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    218400197                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.507242                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.323586                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    173136226     79.27%     79.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     20991517      9.61%     88.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8797343      4.03%     92.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5287642      2.42%     95.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3657684      1.67%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2366859      1.08%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1224593      0.56%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       986567      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1951766      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    218400197                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts     90295618                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps    110781815                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs             16781181                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads            10188817                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars             15070                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches         15854764                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts        99874295                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls      2253881                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events      1951766                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads          345692364                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes         261797882                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled               2732263                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles              32579783                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts          90295618                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps           110781815                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total     90295618                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.816180                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.816180                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.355091                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.355091                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads      543070713                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes     166781204                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads     120875776                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes        30178                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                 44                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles              254287949                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups       17863084                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted     14608059                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1745885                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7582982                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7069524                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1839091                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        77697                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles    173514072                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts            101292999                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches          17863084                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches      8908615                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles            21243620                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles       5057056                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles      8110630                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.MiscStallCycles         1823                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           26                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines        10668569                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1757197                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples    206142633                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.600486                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.944306                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0      184899013     89.69%     89.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1        1153856      0.56%     90.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2        1824401      0.89%     91.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3        2888528      1.40%     92.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4        1208857      0.59%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5        1358424      0.66%     93.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6        1426385      0.69%     94.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7         933694      0.45%     94.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8       10449475      5.07%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total    206142633                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.070247                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.398340                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles      171882642                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles      9757170                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles        21177274                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles        53528                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles      3272017                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved      2928640                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          434                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts    123706596                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         2791                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles      3272017                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles      172136605                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles       1994416                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles      6985763                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles        20981215                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles       772615                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts    123625237                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents        42697                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents       212542                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents       275366                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents        72220                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands    171603896                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups    575090819                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups    575090819                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps    146664429                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps       24939360                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts        32104                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts        17921                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts         2229796                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads     11796531                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores      6339417                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads       191509                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores      1440166                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded        123453916                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        32200                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued       116943016                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       148264                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15483787                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     34361616                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3598                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    206142633                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567292                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.260264                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    156789189     76.06%     76.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     19834584      9.62%     85.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10837259      5.26%     90.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7375974      3.58%     94.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6889906      3.34%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1992490      0.97%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1537088      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       527754      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       358389      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    206142633                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         27258     12.67%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead        82432     38.31%     50.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       105465     49.02%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     97961863     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1845936      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        14181      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     10815304      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6305732      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total    116943016                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.459884                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt            215155                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001840                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    440392084                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    138971215                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    115073955                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses    117158171                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       356602                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2116417                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          365                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1336                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       185734                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7256                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           95                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles      3272017                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles       1242098                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles       106888                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    123486256                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        46000                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     11796531                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6339417                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        17916                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents        79318                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           23                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1336                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1021810                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       993511                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts      2015321                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts    115287977                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10173420                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1655039                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                 140                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs           16477659                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches       16230075                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores          6304239                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.453376                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent            115074731                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count           115073955                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers        67282134                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers       175742534                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.452534                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.382845                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts     86150247                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps    105598209                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts     17888578                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        28602                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts      1783225                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    202870616                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.520520                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.372662                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    160007318     78.87%     78.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     20756489     10.23%     89.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8080019      3.98%     93.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4355118      2.15%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3262412      1.61%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1819632      0.90%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1122103      0.55%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1004298      0.50%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2463227      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    202870616                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts     86150247                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps    105598209                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs             15833788                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads             9680109                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars             14270                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches         15158232                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts        95151823                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls      2145210                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events      2463227                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads          323893604                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes         250245844                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled               2810286                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles              48145316                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts          86150247                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps           105598209                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total     86150247                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.951680                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.951680                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.338790                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.338790                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads      519915051                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes     159500657                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads     115391624                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes        28576                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                 44                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles              254288683                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups       17911664                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted     14648543                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1750438                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7618014                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7089843                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1844687                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        77986                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles    174003401                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts            101574004                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches          17911664                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches      8934530                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles            21302202                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles       5069283                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles      7840813                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           26                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines        10698212                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1761558                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples    206426509                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.601300                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.945482                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0      185124307     89.68%     89.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1        1156901      0.56%     90.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2        1829814      0.89%     91.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3        2896728      1.40%     92.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4        1212003      0.59%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5        1362548      0.66%     93.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6        1431050      0.69%     94.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7         934840      0.45%     94.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8       10478318      5.08%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total    206426509                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.070438                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.399444                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles      172365323                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles      9491852                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles        21236485                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles        53217                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles      3279630                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved      2935915                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          440                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts    124047449                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         2835                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles      3279630                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles      172619800                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles       1973941                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles      6752298                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles        21039692                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles       761146                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts    123964906                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents        30185                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents       212966                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents       275751                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.FullRegisterEvents        59963                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands    172084854                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups    576674835                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups    576674835                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps    147074194                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps       25010583                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts        32191                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts        17969                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts         2232363                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads     11825858                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores      6356925                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads       191809                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores      1441262                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded        123791607                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        32290                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued       117267952                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       147719                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15514081                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     34427489                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3611                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    206426509                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.568086                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.260991                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    156934611     76.02%     76.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     19891529      9.64%     85.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10869082      5.27%     90.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7394956      3.58%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6908644      3.35%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1996918      0.97%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1541313      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       529301      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       360155      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    206426509                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         27278     12.67%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead        82212     38.18%     50.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       105858     49.16%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     98233551     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1851284      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        14220      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     10846173      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6322724      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total    117267952                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.461161                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt            215348                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001836                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    441325480                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    139339268                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    115393546                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses    117483300                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       357054                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2118739                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          347                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1313                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       186074                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7287                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           29                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles      3279630                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles       1235241                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles       107102                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    123824029                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        48545                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     11825858                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6356925                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        17966                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents        79271                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           21                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1313                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1024792                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       995824                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts      2020616                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts    115607332                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10202158                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1660620                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                 132                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs           16523397                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches       16274783                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores          6321239                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.454630                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent            115394343                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count           115393546                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers        67472095                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers       176223030                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.453790                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.382879                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts     86390757                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps    105893171                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts     17931288                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        28679                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts      1787883                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    203146879                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.521264                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373389                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    160160630     78.84%     78.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     20814714     10.25%     89.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8105771      3.99%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4367341      2.15%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3271599      1.61%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1826378      0.90%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1125102      0.55%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1006758      0.50%     98.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2468586      1.22%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    203146879                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts     86390757                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps    105893171                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs             15877948                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads             9707108                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars             14308                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches         15200568                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts        95417648                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls      2151219                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events      2468586                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads          324502180                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes         250928825                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled               2818124                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles              47862174                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts          86390757                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps           105893171                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total     86390757                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.943471                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.943471                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.339735                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.339735                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads      521363434                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes     159949027                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads     115712541                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes        28654                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                 22                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles              254288708                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups       17194213                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15516582                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       899399                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      6439687                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6153252                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS         944239                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        39693                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles    182331224                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts            108042368                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches          17194213                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches      7097491                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles            21377024                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles       2845024                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles     25379922                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.MiscStallCycles          529                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           13                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines        10459369                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes       903187                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples    231011897                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.548828                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.849441                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0      209634873     90.75%     90.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1         760666      0.33%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2        1566453      0.68%     91.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3         669801      0.29%     92.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4        3548409      1.54%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5        3155293      1.37%     94.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6         610431      0.26%     95.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7        1277697      0.55%     95.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8        9788274      4.24%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total    231011897                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.067617                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.424881                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles      180460176                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles     27262742                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles        21298089                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles        68178                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles      1922707                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved      1507961                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          480                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts    126726621                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         2688                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles      1922707                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles      180700929                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles      25314007                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles      1130897                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles        21153786                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles       789566                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts    126653344                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents          344                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents       402681                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents       261928                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.FullRegisterEvents         6443                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands    148651993                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups    596447866                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups    596447866                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps    131792681                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps       16859295                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts        14697                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7424                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts         1836625                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads     29884872                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores     15118118                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads       138393                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores       730917                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded        126405493                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        14739                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued       121477348                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        81160                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      9852079                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     23701696                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           89                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    231011897                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.525849                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.316573                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    187395151     81.12%     81.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     13315489      5.76%     86.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10771254      4.66%     91.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      4653301      2.01%     93.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5823006      2.52%     96.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      5514066      2.39%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3134803      1.36%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       250340      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       154487      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    231011897                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        305735     11.28%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2335395     86.20%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        68207      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     76195890     62.72%     62.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1060855      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7270      0.01%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     29144313     23.99%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     15069020     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total    121477348                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.477714                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt           2709337                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022303                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    476757090                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    136275426                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    120428049                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses    124186685                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       218608                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1177840                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          462                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3121                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       108180                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        10701                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            1                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles      1922707                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles      24702098                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles       234818                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    126420313                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1288                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     29884872                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     15118118                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7425                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents       146253                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          120                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3121                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       524994                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       531522                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts      1056516                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts    120632375                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     29038761                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       844973                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                  81                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs           44106305                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches       15801292                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores         15067544                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.474391                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent            120431261                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count           120428049                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers        65047238                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers       128391664                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.473588                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.506631                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts     97821770                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps    114956685                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts     11477713                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        14650                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts       919120                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    229089190                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501799                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.320440                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    187244582     81.73%     81.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     15397017      6.72%     88.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7172987      3.13%     91.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7055312      3.08%     94.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1951541      0.85%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      8074395      3.52%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       614202      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       448825      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1130329      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    229089190                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts     97821770                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps    114956685                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs             43716959                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads            28707024                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars              7314                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches         15180620                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts       102224191                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls      1113502                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events      1130329                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads          354392973                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes         254791712                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled               3913839                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles              23276811                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts          97821770                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps           114956685                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total     97821770                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.599510                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.599510                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.384688                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.384688                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads      596314810                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes     139837762                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads     150836587                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes        14628                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                 54                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles              254288708                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups       22021795                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18335778                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1998760                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8455417                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8067271                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2369689                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        92917                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles    191561284                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts            120779211                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches          22021795                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches     10436960                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles            25182499                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles       5563374                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles     17897850                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.MiscStallCycles         6248                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           84                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines        11893533                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1910453                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples    238194443                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.623203                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.985243                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0      213011944     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1        1545000      0.65%     90.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2        1951118      0.82%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3        3088504      1.30%     92.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4        1305809      0.55%     92.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5        1681873      0.71%     93.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6        1946106      0.82%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7         891169      0.37%     94.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8       12772920      5.36%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total    238194443                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.086602                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.474969                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles      190438140                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles     19136109                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles        25062501                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles        11756                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles      3545935                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved      3351611                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          543                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts    147642296                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         2606                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles      3545935                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles      190632122                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles        617797                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles     17977768                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles        24880237                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles       540580                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts    146729258                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents          139                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents        77335                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents       377269                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands    204921621                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups    682361897                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups    682361897                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps    171597689                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps       33323932                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts        35608                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18589                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts         1903668                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads     13740942                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores      7186226                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads        80720                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores      1627201                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded        143252608                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35740                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued       137486939                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       126914                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17288702                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     35131247                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1409                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    238194443                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577205                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.301375                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    179938347     75.54%     75.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     26565325     11.15%     86.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10868628      4.56%     91.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6087505      2.56%     93.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8253220      3.46%     97.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2535654      1.06%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2495422      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1344575      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       105767      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    238194443                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        937264     78.85%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead       128754     10.83%     89.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       122625     10.32%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    115828117     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1879947      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17018      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12597623      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7164234      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total    137486939                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.540673                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1188643                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008645                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    514483878                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    160577714                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    133907028                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses    138675582                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       101780                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2587757                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           42                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          666                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        98802                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            4                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles      3545935                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles        469723                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles        59553                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143288357                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       114106                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13740942                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7186226                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18590                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents        52057                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           65                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          666                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1181590                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1124662                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts      2306252                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts    135089034                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12393679                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2397905                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   9                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs           19557313                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches       19107976                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores          7163634                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.531243                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent            133907480                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count           133907028                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers        80248854                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers       215545049                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.526594                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.372307                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts     99831932                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps    123016291                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20272655                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        34331                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts      2015879                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    234648508                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524258                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.342961                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    182584983     77.81%     77.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     26386113     11.24%     89.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9575222      4.08%     93.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4774172      2.03%     95.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4368209      1.86%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1833237      0.78%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1814784      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       864811      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2446977      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    234648508                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts     99831932                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps    123016291                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs             18240609                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads            11153185                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars             17126                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches         17830935                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts       110754713                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls      2540269                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events      2446977                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads          375489775                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes         290123846                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled               2903220                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles              16094265                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts          99831932                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps           123016291                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total     99831932                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.547168                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.547168                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.392593                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.392593                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads      607844467                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes     187120970                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads     136547462                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes        34302                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                 51                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles              254288708                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups       19669494                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16093161                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1921662                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8050982                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7733636                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2033253                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        87780                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles    189469545                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts            110041663                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches          19669494                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches      9766889                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles            22959176                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles       5249664                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles     10228863                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.MiscStallCycles         2131                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           27                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines        11591058                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1923078                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples    225962740                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.597964                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.933428                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0      203003564     89.84%     89.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1        1066549      0.47%     90.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2        1696569      0.75%     91.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3        2302729      1.02%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4        2368203      1.05%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5        2003564      0.89%     94.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6        1120667      0.50%     94.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7        1672185      0.74%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8       10728710      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total    225962740                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.077351                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.432743                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles      187519962                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles     12197409                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles        22916611                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles        26129                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles      3302628                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved      3238493                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          371                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts    135011812                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1976                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles      3302628                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles      188030665                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles       1674653                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles      9329951                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles        22437820                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles      1187020                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts    134965576                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents          175                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents       176658                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents       509109                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands    188344555                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups    627877858                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups    627877858                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps    163318853                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps       25025702                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts        33449                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts        17394                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts         3524299                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads     12620645                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores      6849068                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads        80606                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores      1675386                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded        134812871                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        33567                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued       128036185                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17633                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     14875873                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     35627839                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1186                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    225962740                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566625                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259238                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    171749101     76.01%     76.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22324931      9.88%     85.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11291281      5.00%     90.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8503199      3.76%     94.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6683975      2.96%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2701258      1.20%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1704619      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       885817      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       118559      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    225962740                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         24475     11.52%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead        77919     36.67%     48.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       110065     51.81%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    107683431     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1913034      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16052      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11596158      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6827510      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total    128036185                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.503507                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt            212459                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001659                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    482265202                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    149722844                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    126121144                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses    128248644                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       261016                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2010692                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           92                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          536                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        99283                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles      3302628                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles       1384498                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles       116750                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    134846577                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         7942                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12620645                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6849068                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        17397                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents        98577                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          536                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1119199                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1079579                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts      2198778                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts    126273219                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10913356                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1762966                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                 139                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs           17740597                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches       17943032                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores          6827241                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.496574                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent            126121345                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count           126121144                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers        72388801                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers       195056750                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.495976                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.371117                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts     95204101                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps    117147714                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts     17698884                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        32381                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts      1945936                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    222660112                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526128                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.372805                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    174568946     78.40%     78.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23850643     10.71%     89.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8998521      4.04%     93.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4290420      1.93%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3633147      1.63%     96.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2076202      0.93%     97.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1801145      0.81%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       820403      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2620685      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    222660112                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts     95204101                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps    117147714                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs             17359738                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads            10609953                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars             16154                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches         16892806                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts       105548743                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls      2412320                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events      2620685                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads          354885362                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes         272995883                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled               2871105                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles              28325968                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts          95204101                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps           117147714                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total     95204101                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.670985                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.670985                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.374394                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.374394                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads      568324372                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes     175683911                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads     125178241                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes        32352                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                 47                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles              254288708                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups       18653940                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15299769                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1829916                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7832388                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7293226                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1916769                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        82728                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles    178246529                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts            105985440                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches          18653940                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches      9209995                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles            23322545                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles       5184594                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles     16745248                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines        10981427                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1819290                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples    221636845                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.584685                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.921169                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0      198314300     89.48%     89.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1        2529368      1.14%     90.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2        2931369      1.32%     91.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3        1610061      0.73%     92.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4        1844336      0.83%     93.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5        1025250      0.46%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6         696981      0.31%     94.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7        1801554      0.81%     95.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8       10883626      4.91%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total    221636845                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.073357                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.416792                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles      176791543                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles     18227653                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles        23127344                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles       184870                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles      3305433                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved      3024909                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred        17092                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts    129377955                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts        84869                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles      3305433                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles      177074374                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles       6183277                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles     11251171                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles        23036769                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles       785819                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts    129298196                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents          199                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents       201563                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents       362550                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.FullRegisterEvents           30                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands    179704908                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups    601963166                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups    601963166                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps    153629482                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps       26075426                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts        34183                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19188                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts         2104340                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads     12354014                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores      6722984                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads       177040                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores      1488059                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded        129092589                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        34272                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued       122089732                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       172090                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15983509                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36830747                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4094                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    221636845                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.550855                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.243506                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    170179032     76.78%     76.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     20707665      9.34%     86.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11124791      5.02%     91.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7691549      3.47%     94.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6722501      3.03%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3437080      1.55%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       837311      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       536760      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       400156      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    221636845                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         32378     12.35%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead       111533     42.55%     54.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       118241     45.10%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    102197276     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1906587      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        14961      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11295609      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6675299      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total    122089732                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.480123                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt            262152                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002147                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    466250551                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    145111513                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    120056239                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses    122351884                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       308286                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2174200                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          743                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1144                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       136461                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7479                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         3890                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles      3305433                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles       5744312                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles       134850                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    129126975                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        62009                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12354014                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6722984                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19201                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents        94708                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1144                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1064260                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1022991                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts      2087251                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts    120285156                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10609177                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1804576                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                 114                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs           17283053                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches       16835811                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores          6673876                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.473026                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent            120058155                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count           120056239                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers        71362585                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers       186849401                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.472126                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.381926                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts     90215809                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps    110683881                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18444379                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        30178                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts      1840381                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    218331412                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.506954                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.323348                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    173110287     79.29%     79.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     20971365      9.61%     88.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8788176      4.03%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5283485      2.42%     95.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3653920      1.67%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2363866      1.08%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1223314      0.56%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       985177      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1951822      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    218331412                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts     90215809                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps    110683881                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs             16766337                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads            10179814                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars             15056                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches         15840781                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts        99785965                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls      2251884                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events      1951822                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads          345507239                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes         261562024                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled               2731642                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles              32651863                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts          90215809                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps           110683881                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total     90215809                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.818671                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.818671                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.354777                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.354777                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads      542607738                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes     166634030                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads     120755991                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes        30150                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                 44                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles              254288708                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups       17854143                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted     14600840                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1744885                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7570956                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7063013                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1837505                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        77527                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles    173405159                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts            101246568                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches          17854143                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches      8900518                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles            21232292                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles       5055841                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles      8070796                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           26                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines        10662057                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1756210                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples    205980582                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.600671                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.944617                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0      184748290     89.69%     89.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1        1154001      0.56%     90.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2        1821356      0.88%     91.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3        2887612      1.40%     92.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4        1207684      0.59%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5        1357904      0.66%     93.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6        1425351      0.69%     94.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7         932364      0.45%     94.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8       10446020      5.07%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total    205980582                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.070212                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.398156                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles      171774749                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles      9714359                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles        21166202                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles        53393                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles      3271877                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved      2927115                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          433                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts    123648534                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         2779                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles      3271877                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles      172028300                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles       1950393                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles      7002885                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles        20970417                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles       756708                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts    123565687                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents        31641                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents       212418                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents       274905                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.FullRegisterEvents        57557                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands    171531536                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups    574802171                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups    574802171                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps    146572822                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps       24958696                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts        32079                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts        17906                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts         2227520                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads     11790152                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores      6334967                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads       191378                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores      1437021                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded        123393528                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        32175                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued       116876385                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       148002                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15487488                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     34384390                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3593                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    205980582                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567415                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.260403                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    156655502     76.05%     76.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     19822429      9.62%     85.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10834246      5.26%     90.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7368956      3.58%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6886282      3.34%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1990623      0.97%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1536322      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       527355      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       358867      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    205980582                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         27134     12.63%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead        82189     38.25%     50.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       105525     49.12%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     97906250     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1844912      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        14172      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     10809957      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6301094      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total    116876385                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.459621                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt            214848                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001838                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    440096201                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    138914485                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    115007724                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses    117091233                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       356470                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2116093                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          345                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1317                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       185157                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7269                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           29                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles      3271877                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles       1204386                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles       106527                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    123425839                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        46859                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     11790152                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6334967                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        17899                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents        78776                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           26                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1317                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1021188                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       994208                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts      2015396                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts    115221428                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10168013                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1654956                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                 136                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs           16467526                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches       16221725                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores          6299513                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.453113                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent            115008523                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count           115007724                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers        67242446                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers       175632865                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.452272                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.382858                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts     86096325                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps    105532204                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts     17894075                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        28582                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts      1782201                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    202708705                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.520610                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.372705                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    159870215     78.87%     78.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     20742769     10.23%     89.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8079092      3.99%     93.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4351841      2.15%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3260152      1.61%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1818309      0.90%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1121925      0.55%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1003191      0.49%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2461211      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    202708705                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts     86096325                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps    105532204                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs             15823866                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads             9674056                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars             14260                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches         15148803                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts        95092311                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls      2143872                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events      2461211                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads          323673201                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes         250124625                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled               2809685                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles              48308126                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts          86096325                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps           105532204                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total     86096325                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.953537                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.953537                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.338577                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.338577                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads      519612014                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes     159414615                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads     115336716                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes        28556                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                 54                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles              254288708                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups       22071407                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18375968                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2003087                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8472475                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8085110                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2375355                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        93182                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles    191987489                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts            121054370                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches          22071407                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches     10460465                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles            25239786                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles       5577107                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles     17382115                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.MiscStallCycles         4675                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           93                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines        11920182                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1914524                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples    238170006                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.624711                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.987404                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0      212930220     89.40%     89.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1        1548377      0.65%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2        1953665      0.82%     90.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3        3095788      1.30%     92.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4        1308821      0.55%     92.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5        1686417      0.71%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6        1951062      0.82%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7         894657      0.38%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8       12800999      5.37%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total    238170006                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.086797                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.476051                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles      190861608                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles     18621854                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles        25119426                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles        11813                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles      3555303                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved      3360344                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          545                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts    147984069                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         2616                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles      3555303                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles      191056002                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles        618247                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles     17461995                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles        24936843                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles       541612                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts    147068275                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents          141                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents        77566                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents       377968                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands    205387531                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups    683937964                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups    683937964                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps    171970406                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps       33417090                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts        35628                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18572                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts         1905721                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads     13775104                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores      7203668                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads        81217                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores      1635419                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded        143584508                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35758                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued       137796209                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       127545                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17342201                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     35260226                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1351                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    238170006                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578562                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302578                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    179780109     75.48%     75.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     26627752     11.18%     86.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10895222      4.57%     91.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6100033      2.56%     93.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8270041      3.47%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2542220      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2501538      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1347306      0.57%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       105785      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    238170006                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        939313     78.83%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead       129414     10.86%     89.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       122860     10.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    116086493     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1884257      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17055      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12626576      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7181828      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total    137796209                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.541889                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1191587                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008647                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    515081555                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    160963131                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    134207876                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses    138987796                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       102356                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2597721                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           33                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          666                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       100882                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            4                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles      3555303                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles        469976                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles        59500                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143620275                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       114163                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13775104                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7203668                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18573                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents        52104                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           59                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          666                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1183720                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1126894                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts      2310614                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts    135393387                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12421952                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2402821                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                   9                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs           19603098                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches       19150496                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores          7181146                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.532440                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent            134208325                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count           134207876                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers        80426183                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers       216027392                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.527778                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.372296                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100048764                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps    123283413                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20337418                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        34407                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts      2020238                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    234614703                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525472                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.344259                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    182436415     77.76%     77.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     26444835     11.27%     89.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9596926      4.09%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4784386      2.04%     95.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4378047      1.87%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1836417      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1818884      0.78%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       866353      0.37%     98.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2452440      1.05%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    234614703                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts    100048764                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps    123283413                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs             18280169                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads            11177383                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars             17164                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches         17869644                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts       110995212                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls      2545778                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events      2452440                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads          375782392                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes         290797006                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled               2909628                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles              16118702                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts         100048764                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps           123283413                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total    100048764                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.541648                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.541648                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.393446                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.393446                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads      609208981                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes     187534075                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads     136859235                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes        34378                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                 47                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles              254288708                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups       18671061                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15311246                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1830562                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7818808                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7297395                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1918972                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        82698                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles    178373549                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts            106091850                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches          18671061                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches      9216367                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles            23341276                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles       5188995                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles     16771597                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines        10988817                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1819683                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples    221812707                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.584798                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.921418                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0      198471431     89.48%     89.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1        2531906      1.14%     90.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2        2929445      1.32%     91.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3        1610971      0.73%     92.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4        1844181      0.83%     93.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5        1027175      0.46%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6         698377      0.31%     94.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7        1804683      0.81%     95.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8       10894538      4.91%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total    221812707                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.073425                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.417210                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles      176915641                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles     18256840                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles        23146735                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles       184303                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles      3309186                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved      3030404                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred        17100                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts    129506272                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts        84829                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles      3309186                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles      177199145                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles       6172827                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles     11289146                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles        23055051                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles       787350                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts    129425973                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents          205                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents       202225                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents       363201                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.FullRegisterEvents            1                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands    179876261                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups    602553122                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups    602553122                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps    153744419                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps       26131780                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts        34168                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19164                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts         2107529                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads     12364713                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores      6732056                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads       176246                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores      1494076                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded        129218266                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        34242                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued       122198790                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       173530                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16019689                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36919771                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4040                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    221812707                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.550910                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.243556                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    170309856     76.78%     76.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     20724405      9.34%     86.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11133963      5.02%     91.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7701074      3.47%     94.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6728140      3.03%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3439744      1.55%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       837530      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       537183      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       400812      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    221812707                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         32415     12.34%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead       111971     42.61%     54.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       118374     45.05%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    102285365     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1908318      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        14973      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11306921      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6683213      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total    122198790                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.480551                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt            262760                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002150                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    466646574                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    145273353                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    120161656                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses    122461550                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       307470                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2177295                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          753                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1157                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       140593                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7486                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         3852                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles      3309186                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles       5735891                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles       136450                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    129252624                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        62244                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12364713                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6732056                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19163                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents        95362                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            3                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1157                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1063404                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1024592                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts      2087996                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts    120392306                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10619600                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1806481                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                 116                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs           17301334                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches       16851933                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores          6681734                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.473447                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent            120163651                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count           120161656                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers        71419503                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers       186997782                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.472540                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.381927                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts     90283254                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps    110766621                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18487260                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        30202                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts      1841043                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    218503521                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.506933                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.323310                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    173248057     79.29%     79.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     20986515      9.60%     88.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8796384      4.03%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5287794      2.42%     95.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3655421      1.67%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2365962      1.08%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1224317      0.56%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       986008      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1953063      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    218503521                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts     90283254                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps    110766621                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs             16778877                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads            10187414                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars             15068                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches         15852586                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts        99860600                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls      2253572                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events      1953063                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads          345803728                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes         261817045                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled               2733483                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles              32476001                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts          90283254                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps           110766621                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total     90283254                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.816566                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.816566                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.355042                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.355042                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads      543082013                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes     166777593                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads     120877347                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes        30174                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                 54                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles              254288708                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups       22079140                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18383166                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2003038                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8497185                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8092136                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2375659                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        93289                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles    192097074                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts            121103467                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches          22079140                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches     10467795                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles            25248775                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles       5571089                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles     17278268                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.MiscStallCycles         4673                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           84                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines        11925071                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1914338                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples    238178739                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.624832                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.987538                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0      212929964     89.40%     89.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1        1548741      0.65%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2        1958305      0.82%     90.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3        3098556      1.30%     92.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4        1307047      0.55%     92.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5        1686128      0.71%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6        1952887      0.82%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7         892426      0.37%     94.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8       12804685      5.38%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total    238178739                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.086827                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.476244                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles      190969719                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles     18519361                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles        25128421                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles        11923                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles      3549313                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved      3360554                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          553                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts    148018626                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         2642                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles      3549313                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles      191163921                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles        617840                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles     17360178                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles        24946239                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles       541244                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts    147102789                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents          137                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents        77933                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents       377768                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands    205453399                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups    684101591                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups    684101591                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps    172087091                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps       33366278                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts        35703                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18636                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts         1903253                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads     13761054                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores      7206940                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads        81707                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores      1636106                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded        143615488                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35837                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued       137860005                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       126351                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17297790                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     35086966                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1406                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    238178739                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578809                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302774                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    179755275     75.47%     75.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     26650032     11.19%     86.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10898189      4.58%     91.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6104129      2.56%     93.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8271948      3.47%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2541772      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2503262      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1348072      0.57%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       106060      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    238178739                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        940214     78.95%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead       127773     10.73%     89.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       122955     10.32%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    116141044     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1885258      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17066      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12631673      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7184964      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total    137860005                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.542140                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1190942                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008639                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    515216041                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    160949774                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    134272543                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses    139050947                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       102742                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2576099                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           42                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          660                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        99372                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           10                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles      3549313                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles        470005                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles        59305                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143651329                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       112880                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13761054                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7206940                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18637                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents        51806                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           60                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          660                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1185300                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1125452                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts      2310752                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts    135456736                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12428917                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2403268                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs           19613188                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches       19159145                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores          7184271                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.532689                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent            134273031                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count           134272543                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers        80461537                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers       216100724                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.528032                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.372333                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100116633                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps    123367030                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20284863                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        34431                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts      2020200                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    234629426                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525795                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.344545                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    182414576     77.75%     77.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     26461759     11.28%     89.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9603810      4.09%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4789741      2.04%     95.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4381383      1.87%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1839906      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1818112      0.77%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       866418      0.37%     98.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2453721      1.05%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    234629426                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts    100116633                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps    123367030                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs             18292523                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads            11184955                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars             17176                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches         17881769                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts       111070502                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls      2547509                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events      2453721                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads          375826896                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes         290853133                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled               2908165                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles              16109969                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts         100116633                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps           123367030                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total    100116633                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.539925                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.539925                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.393712                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.393712                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads      609518864                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes     187628723                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads     136917993                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes        34402                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                         8268                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2047.217631                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                         214125                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                        10312                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                        20.764643                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.153219                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst     6.694765                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data  1380.432243                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data         621.937405                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018630                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.003269                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.674039                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.303680                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.999618                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        26946                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                 26948                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8411                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total                8411                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          206                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total                 206                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data        27152                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                  27154                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data        27152                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                 27154                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         8229                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total                8268                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         8229                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                 8268                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         8229                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total                8268                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    101359283                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   6704373512                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    6805732795                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    101359283                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   6704373512                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total     6805732795                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    101359283                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   6704373512                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total    6805732795                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        35175                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total             35216                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8411                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total            8411                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          206                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total             206                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        35381                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total              35422                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        35381                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total             35422                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.233945                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.234780                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.232582                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.233414                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.232582                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.233414                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2598955.974359                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 814725.180702                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 823141.363691                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2598955.974359                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 814725.180702                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 823141.363691                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2598955.974359                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 814725.180702                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 823141.363691                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks               4342                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                    4342                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         8229                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           8268                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         8229                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total            8268                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         8229                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total           8268                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     97935083                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   5981714792                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6079649875                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     97935083                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   5981714792                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6079649875                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     97935083                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   5981714792                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6079649875                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.233945                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.234780                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.232582                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233414                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.232582                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233414                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2511155.974359                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 726906.646251                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 735322.916667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2511155.974359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 726906.646251                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 735322.916667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2511155.974359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 726906.646251                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 735322.916667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                        17354                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2047.827462                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                         156085                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                        19402                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                         8.044789                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.766674                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst     2.762540                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data  1662.715150                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data         353.583099                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.001349                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.811873                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.172648                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.999916                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        32657                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                 32658                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks           5865                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total                5865                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           66                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::total                  66                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data        32723                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                  32724                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data        32723                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                 32724                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        17320                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total               17354                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        17320                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                17354                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        17320                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total               17354                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     52158354                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  13945335391                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   13997493745                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     52158354                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  13945335391                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total    13997493745                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     52158354                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  13945335391                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total   13997493745                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        49977                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total             50012                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         5865                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total            5865                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           66                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total              66                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        50043                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total              50078                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        50043                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total             50078                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.346559                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.346997                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.346102                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.346539                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.346102                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.346539                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1534069.235294                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 805157.932506                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 806586.017345                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1534069.235294                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 805157.932506                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 806586.017345                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1534069.235294                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 805157.932506                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 806586.017345                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks               2343                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                    2343                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        17320                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          17354                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        17320                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total           17354                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        17320                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total          17354                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     49173154                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  12424162674                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12473335828                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     49173154                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  12424162674                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12473335828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     49173154                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  12424162674                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12473335828                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.346559                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346997                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.346102                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346539                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.346102                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346539                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1446269.235294                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 717330.408430                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 718758.547194                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1446269.235294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 717330.408430                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 718758.547194                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1446269.235294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 717330.408430                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 718758.547194                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                        11506                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                     2047.450125                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                         191398                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                        13553                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                        14.122187                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks          26.929969                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst     5.406042                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data  1509.219301                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data         505.894813                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013149                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.002640                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.736923                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.247019                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total               0.999732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        27371                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                 27373                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8798                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total                8798                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          149                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::total                 149                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data        27520                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                  27522                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data        27520                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                 27522                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        11463                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total               11505                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        11463                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                11505                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        11463                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total               11505                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     79851424                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   9349599703                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    9429451127                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     79851424                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   9349599703                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total     9429451127                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     79851424                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   9349599703                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total    9429451127                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        38834                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total             38878                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8798                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total            8798                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          149                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total             149                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        38983                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total              39027                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        38983                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total             39027                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.295179                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.295926                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.294051                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.294796                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.294051                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.294796                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1901224.380952                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 815632.879962                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 819595.925858                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1901224.380952                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 815632.879962                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 819595.925858                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1901224.380952                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 815632.879962                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 819595.925858                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks               5036                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                    5036                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l202.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l202.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l202.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l202.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        11462                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          11504                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        11462                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total           11504                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        11462                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total          11504                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     76163824                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   8342450794                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8418614618                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     76163824                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   8342450794                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8418614618                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     76163824                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   8342450794                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8418614618                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.295154                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.295900                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.294026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294770                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.294026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294770                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1813424.380952                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 727835.525563                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 731798.906293                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1813424.380952                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 727835.525563                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 731798.906293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1813424.380952                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 727835.525563                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 731798.906293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                        17497                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2047.516141                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         225693                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                        19545                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                        11.547352                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks          32.911219                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst     3.098604                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data  1625.377442                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data         386.128875                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.016070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.001513                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.793641                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.188539                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.999764                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        32777                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                 32778                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks          17968                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total               17968                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          144                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::total                 144                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data        32921                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                  32922                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data        32921                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                 32922                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        17444                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total               17481                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_misses::total                 6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        17450                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                17487                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        17450                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total               17487                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     66582890                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  14812206710                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   14878789600                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      6092458                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      6092458                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     66582890                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  14818299168                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total    14884882058                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     66582890                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  14818299168                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total   14884882058                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        50221                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total             50259                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        17968                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total           17968                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          150                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total             150                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        50371                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total              50409                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        50371                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total             50409                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.347345                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.347818                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.040000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.040000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.346429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.346902                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.346429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.346902                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1799537.567568                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 849129.024880                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 851140.644128                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 1015409.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1015409.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1799537.567568                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 849186.198739                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 851197.006805                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1799537.567568                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 849186.198739                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 851197.006805                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks               9525                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                    9525                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        17444                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          17481                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        17450                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total           17487                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        17450                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total          17487                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     63334290                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  13280224082                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13343558372                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      5565658                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5565658                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     63334290                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  13285789740                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13349124030                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     63334290                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  13285789740                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13349124030                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.347345                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.347818                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.040000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.346429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346902                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.346429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346902                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1711737.567568                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 761306.127150                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 763317.794863                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 927609.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 927609.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1711737.567568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 761363.308883                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 763374.165380                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1711737.567568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 761363.308883                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 763374.165380                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                        11504                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2047.457825                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         191380                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                        13551                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                        14.122943                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks          26.939889                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst     5.242089                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data  1509.135762                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data         506.140085                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013154                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.002560                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.736883                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.247139                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.999735                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        27357                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                 27359                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8794                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total                8794                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          147                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total                 147                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data        27504                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                  27506                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data        27504                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                 27506                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        11461                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total               11503                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        11461                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                11503                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        11461                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total               11503                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     66904394                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   9341598878                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    9408503272                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     66904394                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   9341598878                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total     9408503272                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     66904394                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   9341598878                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total    9408503272                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        38818                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total             38862                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8794                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total            8794                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          147                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total             147                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        38965                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total              39009                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        38965                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total             39009                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.295250                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.295996                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.294136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.294881                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.294136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.294881                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1592961.761905                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 815077.120496                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 817917.349561                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1592961.761905                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 815077.120496                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 817917.349561                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1592961.761905                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 815077.120496                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 817917.349561                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks               5034                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                    5034                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l204.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l204.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l204.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l204.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        11460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          11502                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        11460                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total           11502                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        11460                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total          11502                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     63216794                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   8334696761                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8397913555                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     63216794                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   8334696761                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8397913555                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     63216794                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   8334696761                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8397913555                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.295224                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.295970                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.294110                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294855                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.294110                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294855                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1505161.761905                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 727285.930279                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 730126.374109                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1505161.761905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 727285.930279                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 730126.374109                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1505161.761905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 727285.930279                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 730126.374109                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                        17616                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2047.536147                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                         225739                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                        19664                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                        11.479811                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks          32.659662                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst     2.852315                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data  1630.709421                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data         381.314749                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.015947                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.001393                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.796245                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.186189                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.999774                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        32863                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                 32864                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks          17928                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total               17928                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          141                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total                 141                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data        33004                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                  33005                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data        33004                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                 33005                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        17565                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total               17600                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_misses::total                 4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        17569                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                17604                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        17569                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total               17604                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     58421931                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  14872781157                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   14931203088                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      4461727                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      4461727                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     58421931                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  14877242884                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total    14935664815                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     58421931                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  14877242884                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total   14935664815                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        50428                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total             50464                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        17928                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total           17928                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          145                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total             145                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        50573                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total              50609                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        50573                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total             50609                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.348318                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.348763                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.027586                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.027586                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.347399                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.347843                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.347399                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.347843                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1669198.028571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 846728.218446                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 848363.811818                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 1115431.750000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1115431.750000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1669198.028571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 846789.395185                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 848424.495285                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1669198.028571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 846789.395185                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 848424.495285                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks               9550                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                    9550                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        17565                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          17600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        17569                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total           17604                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        17569                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total          17604                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     55348931                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  13330345414                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13385694345                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      4110527                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4110527                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     55348931                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  13334455941                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13389804872                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     55348931                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  13334455941                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13389804872                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.348318                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.348763                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.027586                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027586                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.347399                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.347843                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.347399                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.347843                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1581398.028571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 758915.195787                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 760550.815057                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 1027631.750000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1027631.750000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1581398.028571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 758976.375491                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 760611.501477                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1581398.028571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 758976.375491                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 760611.501477                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                        27878                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2047.597656                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                         161123                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                        29926                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                         5.384047                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.134739                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst     3.775964                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data  1642.199613                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data         389.487339                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005925                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.001844                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.801855                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.190179                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.999804                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        34924                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                 34925                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks           7245                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total                7245                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           88                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::total                  88                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data        35012                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                  35013                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data        35012                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                 35013                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        27800                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total               27840                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           29                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::total                29                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        27829                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                27869                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        27829                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total               27869                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     62832147                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  25902685986                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   25965518133                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     25588370                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     25588370                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     62832147                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  25928274356                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total    25991106503                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     62832147                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  25928274356                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total   25991106503                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        62724                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total             62765                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         7245                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total            7245                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          117                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total             117                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        62841                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total              62882                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        62841                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total             62882                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.443212                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.443559                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.247863                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.247863                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.442848                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.443195                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.442848                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.443195                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1570803.675000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 931751.294460                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 932669.473168                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 882357.586207                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 882357.586207                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1570803.675000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 931699.822344                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 932617.119488                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1570803.675000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 931699.822344                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 932617.119488                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks               4139                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                    4139                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        27800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          27840                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           29                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        27829                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total           27869                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        27829                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total          27869                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     59320147                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  23461235974                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  23520556121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     23041153                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     23041153                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     59320147                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  23484277127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  23543597274                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     59320147                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  23484277127                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  23543597274                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.443212                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.443559                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.247863                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.247863                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.442848                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.443195                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.442848                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.443195                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1483003.675000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 843929.351583                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 844847.561818                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 794522.517241                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 794522.517241                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1483003.675000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 843877.865787                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 844795.194445                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1483003.675000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 843877.865787                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 844795.194445                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                        27952                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2047.599696                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                         161245                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                        30000                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                         5.374833                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.281845                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst     3.688428                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data  1641.427234                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data         390.202190                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.001801                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.801478                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.190528                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.999805                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        35018                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                 35019                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks           7272                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total                7272                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           88                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::total                  88                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data        35106                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                  35107                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data        35106                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                 35107                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        27876                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total               27916                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           29                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_misses::total                29                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        27905                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                27945                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        27905                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total               27945                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     52036275                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  25630062372                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   25682098647                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     21275305                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     21275305                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     52036275                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  25651337677                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total    25703373952                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     52036275                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  25651337677                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total   25703373952                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        62894                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total             62935                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         7272                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total            7272                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          117                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total             117                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        63011                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total              63052                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        63011                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total             63052                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.443222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.443569                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.247863                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.247863                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.442859                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.443206                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.442859                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.443206                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1300906.875000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 919431.136892                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 919977.742048                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 733631.206897                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 733631.206897                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1300906.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 919238.046121                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 919784.360422                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1300906.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 919238.046121                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 919784.360422                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks               4154                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                    4154                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        27876                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          27916                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           29                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        27905                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total           27945                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        27905                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total          27945                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     48523276                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  23182539761                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  23231063037                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     18728190                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     18728190                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     48523276                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  23201267951                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  23249791227                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     48523276                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  23201267951                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  23249791227                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.443222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.443569                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.247863                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.247863                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.442859                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.443206                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.442859                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.443206                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1213081.900000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 831630.784940                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 832177.354814                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 645799.655172                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 645799.655172                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1213081.900000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 831437.661745                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 831983.940848                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1213081.900000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 831437.661745                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 831983.940848                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                        32758                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2047.939993                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                         200236                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                        34806                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                         5.752916                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.692479                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst     1.996789                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data  1807.012664                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data         235.238061                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001803                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000975                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.882330                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.114862                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.999971                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        38589                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                 38590                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks          12375                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total               12375                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           28                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::total                  28                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data        38617                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                  38618                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data        38617                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                 38618                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        32680                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total               32720                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           38                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::total                38                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        32718                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                32758                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        32718                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total               32758                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     86463501                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  30881110699                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   30967574200                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     63724817                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     63724817                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     86463501                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  30944835516                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total    31031299017                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     86463501                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  30944835516                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total   31031299017                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        71269                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total             71310                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        12375                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total           12375                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           66                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total              66                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        71335                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total              71376                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        71335                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total             71376                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.458544                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.458842                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.575758                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.575758                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.458653                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.458950                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.458653                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.458950                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2161587.525000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 944954.427754                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 946441.754279                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 1676968.868421                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1676968.868421                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2161587.525000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 945804.618742                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 947289.181788                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2161587.525000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 945804.618742                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 947289.181788                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks               5169                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                    5169                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        32680                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          32720                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           38                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        32718                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total           32758                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        32718                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total          32758                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     82951332                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  28011335239                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  28094286571                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     60387893                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     60387893                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     82951332                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  28071723132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  28154674464                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     82951332                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  28071723132                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  28154674464                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.458544                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458842                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.575758                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.575758                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.458653                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458950                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.458653                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458950                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2073783.300000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 857140.001193                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 858627.340189                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 1589155.078947                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1589155.078947                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2073783.300000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 857990.192921                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 859474.768423                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2073783.300000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 857990.192921                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 859474.768423                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                         8257                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2047.222590                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                         214061                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                        10301                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                        20.780604                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.158330                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst     6.705745                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data  1380.067753                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data         622.290762                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018632                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.003274                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.673861                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.303853                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.999620                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        26897                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                 26899                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8396                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total                8396                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          206                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::total                 206                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data        27103                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                  27105                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data        27103                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                 27105                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         8218                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total                8257                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         8218                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                 8257                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         8218                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total                8257                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    107211326                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   6911084388                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    7018295714                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    107211326                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   6911084388                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total     7018295714                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    107211326                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   6911084388                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total    7018295714                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        35115                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total             35156                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8396                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total            8396                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          206                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total             206                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        35321                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total              35362                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        35321                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total             35362                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.234031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.234867                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.232666                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.233499                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.232666                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.233499                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2749008.358974                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 840969.139450                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 849981.314521                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2749008.358974                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 840969.139450                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 849981.314521                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2749008.358974                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 840969.139450                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 849981.314521                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks               4335                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                    4335                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         8218                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           8257                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         8218                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total            8257                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         8218                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total           8257                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    103778126                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   6188919971                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6292698097                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    103778126                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   6188919971                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6292698097                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    103778126                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   6188919971                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6292698097                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.234031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.234867                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.232666                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233499                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.232666                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233499                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2660977.589744                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 753093.206498                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 762104.650236                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2660977.589744                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 753093.206498                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 762104.650236                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2660977.589744                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 753093.206498                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 762104.650236                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                        11505                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                     2047.476492                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                         191397                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                        13552                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                        14.123155                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks          26.956234                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst     5.250759                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data  1509.264759                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data         506.004740                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013162                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.002564                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.736946                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.247073                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total               0.999744                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        27371                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                 27373                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8797                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total                8797                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          143                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::total                 143                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data        27514                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                  27516                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data        27514                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                 27516                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        11463                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total               11504                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        11463                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                11504                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        11463                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total               11504                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     82339493                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   9326596577                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    9408936070                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     82339493                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   9326596577                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total     9408936070                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     82339493                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   9326596577                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total    9408936070                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        38834                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total             38877                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8797                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total            8797                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          143                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total             143                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        38977                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total              39020                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        38977                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total             39020                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.295179                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.295908                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.294097                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.294823                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.294097                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.294823                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2008280.317073                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 813626.151705                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 817883.872566                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2008280.317073                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 813626.151705                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 817883.872566                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2008280.317073                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 813626.151705                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 817883.872566                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks               5036                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                    5036                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l210.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l210.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l210.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l210.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        11462                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          11503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        11462                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total           11503                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        11462                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total          11503                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     78739693                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   8318566633                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8397306326                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     78739693                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   8318566633                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8397306326                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     78739693                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   8318566633                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8397306326                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.295154                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.295882                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.294071                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294798                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.294071                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294798                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1920480.317073                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 725751.756500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 730010.112666                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1920480.317073                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 725751.756500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 730010.112666                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1920480.317073                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 725751.756500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 730010.112666                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                        17494                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                     2047.521464                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                         225692                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                        19542                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                        11.549074                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks          32.823492                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst     2.879504                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data  1625.355996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data         386.462472                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.016027                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.001406                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.793631                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.188702                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total               0.999766                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        32800                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                 32801                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks          17946                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total               17946                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          142                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::total                 142                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data        32942                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                  32943                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data        32942                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                 32943                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        17441                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total               17476                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_misses::total                 6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        17447                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                17482                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        17447                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total               17482                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     66616358                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  14866482505                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   14933098863                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      5318407                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      5318407                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     66616358                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  14871800912                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total    14938417270                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     66616358                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  14871800912                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total   14938417270                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        50241                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total             50277                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        17946                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total           17946                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          148                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total             148                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        50389                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total              50425                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        50389                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total             50425                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.347147                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.347594                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.040541                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.040541                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.346246                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.346693                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.346246                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.346693                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1903324.514286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 852387.048048                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 854491.809510                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 886401.166667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 886401.166667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1903324.514286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 852398.745458                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 854502.761126                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1903324.514286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 852398.745458                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 854502.761126                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks               9527                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                    9527                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        17441                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          17476                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        17447                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total           17482                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        17447                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total          17482                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     63541520                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  13334594224                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13398135744                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      4791607                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4791607                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     63541520                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  13339385831                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13402927351                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     63541520                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  13339385831                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13402927351                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.347147                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.347594                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.040541                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040541                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.346246                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346693                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.346246                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346693                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1815472                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 764554.453529                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 766659.175097                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 798601.166667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 798601.166667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1815472                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 764566.162148                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 766670.137913                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1815472                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 764566.162148                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 766670.137913                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                        27835                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2047.596895                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                         161102                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                        29883                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                         5.391092                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.294899                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst     3.657038                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data  1638.251464                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data         393.393494                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.006003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.001786                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.799927                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.192087                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.999803                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        34901                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                 34902                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks           7247                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total                7247                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           88                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::total                  88                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data        34989                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                  34990                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data        34989                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                 34990                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        27757                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total               27796                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           29                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_misses::total                29                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        27786                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                27825                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        27786                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total               27825                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     57631797                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  25955738823                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   26013370620                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     26248098                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     26248098                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     57631797                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  25981986921                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total    26039618718                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     57631797                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  25981986921                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total   26039618718                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        62658                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total             62698                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         7247                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total            7247                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          117                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total             117                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        62775                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total              62815                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        62775                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total             62815                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.442992                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.443332                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.247863                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.247863                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.442628                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.442967                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.442628                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.442967                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1477738.384615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 935106.056959                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 935867.413297                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 905106.827586                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 905106.827586                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1477738.384615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 935074.747031                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 935835.353747                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1477738.384615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 935074.747031                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 935835.353747                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks               4136                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                    4136                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        27757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          27796                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           29                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        27786                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total           27825                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        27786                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total          27825                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     54207597                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  23517994548                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  23572202145                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     23701898                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     23701898                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     54207597                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  23541696446                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  23595904043                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     54207597                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  23541696446                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  23595904043                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.442992                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.443332                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.247863                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.247863                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.442628                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.442967                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.442628                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.442967                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1389938.384615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 847281.570343                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 848042.961038                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 817306.827586                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 817306.827586                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1389938.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 847250.285971                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 848010.926972                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1389938.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 847250.285971                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 848010.926972                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                         8273                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2047.217098                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                         214150                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                        10318                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                        20.754991                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.152261                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst     6.695499                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data  1380.459917                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data         621.909421                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018629                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.003269                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.674053                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.303667                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.999618                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        26959                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                 26961                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8415                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total                8415                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          206                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::total                 206                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data        27165                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                  27167                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data        27165                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                 27167                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         8235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total                8274                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         8235                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                 8274                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         8235                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total                8274                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    104594930                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   6658197768                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    6762792698                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    104594930                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   6658197768                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total     6762792698                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    104594930                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   6658197768                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total    6762792698                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        35194                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total             35235                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8415                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total            8415                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          206                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total             206                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        35400                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total              35441                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        35400                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total             35441                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.233989                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.234823                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.232627                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.233458                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.232627                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.233458                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2681921.282051                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 808524.319126                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 817354.689147                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2681921.282051                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 808524.319126                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 817354.689147                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2681921.282051                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 808524.319126                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 817354.689147                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks               4344                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                    4344                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         8235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           8274                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         8235                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total            8274                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         8235                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total           8274                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    101170133                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   5934994284                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6036164417                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    101170133                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   5934994284                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6036164417                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    101170133                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   5934994284                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6036164417                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.233989                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.234823                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.232627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233458                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.232627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233458                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2594105.974359                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 720703.616758                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 729534.012207                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2594105.974359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 720703.616758                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 729534.012207                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2594105.974359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 720703.616758                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 729534.012207                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                        17522                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2047.518002                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                         225748                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                        19570                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                        11.535411                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks          32.749824                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst     2.976749                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data  1629.929933                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data         381.861496                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.015991                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.001453                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.795864                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.186456                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.999765                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        32857                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                 32858                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks          17943                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total               17943                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          143                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::total                 143                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data        33000                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                  33001                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data        33000                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                 33001                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        17470                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total               17506                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::total                 5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        17475                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                17511                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        17475                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total               17511                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     66301098                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  14844883313                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   14911184411                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      4600541                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      4600541                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     66301098                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  14849483854                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total    14915784952                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     66301098                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  14849483854                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total   14915784952                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        50327                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total             50364                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        17943                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total           17943                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          148                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total             148                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        50475                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total              50512                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        50475                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total             50512                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.347130                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.347590                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.033784                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.033784                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.346211                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.346670                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.346211                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.346670                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1841697.166667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 849735.736291                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 851775.643265                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 920108.200000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 920108.200000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1841697.166667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 849755.871474                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 851795.154589                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1841697.166667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 849755.871474                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 851795.154589                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks               9526                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                    9526                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        17470                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          17506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        17475                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total           17511                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        17475                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total          17511                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     63139826                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  13310597303                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13373737129                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      4161397                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4161397                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     63139826                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  13314758700                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13377898526                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     63139826                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  13314758700                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13377898526                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.347130                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.347590                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.033784                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033784                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.346211                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346670                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.346211                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346670                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1753884.055556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 761911.694505                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 763951.623958                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 832279.400000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 832279.400000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1753884.055556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 761931.828326                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 763971.133916                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1753884.055556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 761931.828326                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 763971.133916                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                         8283                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2047.229492                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                         214163                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                        10328                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                        20.736154                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.155639                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst     7.364105                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data  1380.604471                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data         621.105277                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018631                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.003596                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.674123                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.303274                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.999624                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        26966                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                 26968                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8421                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total                8421                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          205                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total                 205                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data        27171                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                  27173                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data        27171                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                 27173                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         8243                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total                8284                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         8243                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                 8284                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         8243                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total                8284                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    115119455                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   6626424311                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    6741543766                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    115119455                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   6626424311                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total     6741543766                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    115119455                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   6626424311                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total    6741543766                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        35209                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total             35252                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8421                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total            8421                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          205                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total             205                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        35414                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total              35457                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        35414                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total             35457                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.234116                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.234994                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.232761                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.233635                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.232761                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.233635                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2807791.585366                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 803885.031057                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 813802.965476                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2807791.585366                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 803885.031057                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 813802.965476                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2807791.585366                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 803885.031057                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 813802.965476                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks               4347                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                    4347                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         8243                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           8284                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         8243                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total            8284                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         8243                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total           8284                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    111519233                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   5902579998                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6014099231                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    111519233                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   5902579998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6014099231                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    111519233                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   5902579998                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6014099231                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.234116                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.234994                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.232761                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233635                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.232761                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233635                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2719981.292683                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 716071.818270                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 725989.767141                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2719981.292683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 716071.818270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 725989.767141                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2719981.292683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 716071.818270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 725989.767141                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              495.482345                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1011922424                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             2040166.177419                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    40.482345                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.064876                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794042                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     11914324                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11914324                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     11914324                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total       11914324                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     11914324                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total      11914324                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    151725211                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    151725211                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    151725211                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    151725211                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    151725211                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    151725211                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     11914382                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11914382                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     11914382                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total     11914382                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     11914382                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total     11914382                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2615951.913793                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2615951.913793                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2615951.913793                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2615951.913793                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2615951.913793                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2615951.913793                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2926555                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       585311                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    101821835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    101821835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    101821835                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    101821835                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    101821835                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    101821835                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2483459.390244                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2483459.390244                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2483459.390244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2483459.390244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2483459.390244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2483459.390244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                35381                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              163371176                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                35637                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs              4584.313382                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   233.472966                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    22.527034                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.912004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.087996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      9506782                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9506782                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      7062530                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7062530                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        18288                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18288                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        17181                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17181                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data     16569312                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total       16569312                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data     16569312                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total      16569312                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        90915                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        90915                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2089                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2089                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        93004                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total        93004                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        93004                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total        93004                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  20425751422                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  20425751422                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    134410127                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    134410127                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  20560161549                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  20560161549                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  20560161549                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  20560161549                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      9597697                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9597697                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      7064619                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7064619                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        18288                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18288                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        17181                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17181                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     16662316                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16662316                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     16662316                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16662316                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.009473                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009473                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000296                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000296                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005582                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005582                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005582                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005582                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 224668.662179                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 224668.662179                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 64341.851125                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64341.851125                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 221067.497624                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 221067.497624                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 221067.497624                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 221067.497624                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        11740                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets  3913.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8411                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total            8411                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        55740                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        55740                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1883                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1883                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        57623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        57623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        57623                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        57623                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        35175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        35175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          206                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          206                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        35381                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        35381                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        35381                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        35381                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   8525401500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8525401500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     15041166                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15041166                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   8540442666                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8540442666                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   8540442666                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8540442666                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003665                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003665                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002123                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002123                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002123                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002123                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 242371.044776                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 242371.044776                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 73015.368932                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73015.368932                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 241384.999463                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 241384.999463                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 241384.999463                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 241384.999463                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              558.709051                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              927860259                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1650996.902135                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    33.533461                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst   525.175590                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.053740                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.841628                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.895367                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     11132814                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11132814                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     11132814                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total       11132814                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     11132814                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total      11132814                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     60032446                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     60032446                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     60032446                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     60032446                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     60032446                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     60032446                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     11132859                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11132859                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     11132859                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total     11132859                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     11132859                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total     11132859                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1334054.355556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1334054.355556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1334054.355556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1334054.355556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1334054.355556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1334054.355556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     52547269                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     52547269                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     52547269                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     52547269                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     52547269                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     52547269                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1501350.542857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1501350.542857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1501350.542857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1501350.542857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1501350.542857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1501350.542857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                50042                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              222213668                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                50298                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs              4417.942423                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   202.719945                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    53.280055                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.791875                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.208125                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data     16366911                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      16366911                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      3153547                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3153547                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         7462                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7462                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         7401                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7401                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data     19520458                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total       19520458                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data     19520458                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total      19520458                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data       176867                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       176867                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          293                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          293                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data       177160                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total       177160                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data       177160                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total       177160                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  80424061959                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  80424061959                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     25102461                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     25102461                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  80449164420                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  80449164420                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  80449164420                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  80449164420                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     16543778                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     16543778                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      3153840                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3153840                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         7462                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7462                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         7401                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7401                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     19697618                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total     19697618                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     19697618                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total     19697618                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.010691                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010691                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000093                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000093                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008994                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008994                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008994                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008994                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 454714.909842                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 454714.909842                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 85673.928328                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85673.928328                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 454104.563220                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 454104.563220                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 454104.563220                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 454104.563220                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         5865                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total            5865                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       126890                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       126890                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          227                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          227                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       127117                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       127117                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       127117                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       127117                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        49977                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        49977                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           66                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           66                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        50043                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        50043                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        50043                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        50043                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  16230173360                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16230173360                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      4277861                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4277861                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  16234451221                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16234451221                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  16234451221                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16234451221                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003021                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003021                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002541                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002541                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002541                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002541                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 324752.853513                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 324752.853513                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 64816.075758                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64816.075758                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 324410.031793                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 324410.031793                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 324410.031793                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 324410.031793                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              517.928146                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs             1008501551                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1943162.911368                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    42.928146                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.068795                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     11589080                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11589080                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     11589080                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total       11589080                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     11589080                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total      11589080                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           62                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           62                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           62                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           62                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           62                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           62                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    104190143                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    104190143                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    104190143                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    104190143                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    104190143                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    104190143                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     11589142                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11589142                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     11589142                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total     11589142                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     11589142                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total     11589142                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1680486.177419                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1680486.177419                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1680486.177419                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1680486.177419                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1680486.177419                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1680486.177419                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       930052                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       930052                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     80347512                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     80347512                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     80347512                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     80347512                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     80347512                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     80347512                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1826079.818182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1826079.818182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1826079.818182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1826079.818182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1826079.818182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1826079.818182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                38983                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              165358476                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                39239                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs              4214.135834                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   233.522807                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    22.477193                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.912198                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.087802                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      7980348                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7980348                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      6719097                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6719097                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        17254                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17254                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        16179                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16179                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data     14699445                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total       14699445                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data     14699445                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total      14699445                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data       124778                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       124778                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          880                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          880                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data       125658                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total       125658                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data       125658                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total       125658                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  41758311979                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  41758311979                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     74208176                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     74208176                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  41832520155                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  41832520155                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  41832520155                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  41832520155                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      8105126                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8105126                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      6719977                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6719977                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        17254                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17254                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        16179                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16179                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     14825103                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14825103                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     14825103                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14825103                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.015395                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015395                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000131                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000131                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008476                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008476                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008476                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008476                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 334660.853508                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 334660.853508                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 84327.472727                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84327.472727                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 332907.734923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 332907.734923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 332907.734923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 332907.734923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8798                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total            8798                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        85944                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        85944                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          731                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          731                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        86675                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        86675                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        86675                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        86675                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        38834                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        38834                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          149                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          149                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        38983                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        38983                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        38983                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        38983                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  11229101854                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11229101854                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      9596619                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9596619                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  11238698473                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11238698473                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  11238698473                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11238698473                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.004791                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004791                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002630                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002630                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002630                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002630                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 289156.457074                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 289156.457074                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 64406.838926                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64406.838926                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 288297.423826                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 288297.423826                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 288297.423826                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 288297.423826                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              518.748106                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs             1009209486                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  520                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1940787.473077                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    36.748106                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.058891                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.831327                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     10989741                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10989741                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     10989741                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total       10989741                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     10989741                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total      10989741                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     95760995                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     95760995                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     95760995                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     95760995                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     95760995                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     95760995                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     10989796                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10989796                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     10989796                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total     10989796                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     10989796                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total     10989796                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1741109                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1741109                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1741109                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total      1741109                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1741109                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total      1741109                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     66968647                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     66968647                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     66968647                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     66968647                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     66968647                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     66968647                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1762332.815789                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1762332.815789                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1762332.815789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1762332.815789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1762332.815789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1762332.815789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                50371                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              170835800                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                50627                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs              3374.401011                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   233.547099                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    22.452901                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.912293                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.087707                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      7746031                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7746031                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      6551950                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6551950                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        16360                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        16360                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        15081                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15081                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data     14297981                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total       14297981                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data     14297981                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total      14297981                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data       172231                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       172231                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         5146                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5146                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data       177377                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total       177377                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data       177377                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total       177377                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  72954946158                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  72954946158                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3239654988                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3239654988                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  76194601146                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  76194601146                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  76194601146                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  76194601146                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      7918262                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7918262                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      6557096                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6557096                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        16360                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        16360                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        15081                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15081                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     14475358                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14475358                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     14475358                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14475358                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.021751                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021751                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000785                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000785                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.012254                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012254                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.012254                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012254                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 423587.775476                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 423587.775476                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 629548.190439                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 629548.190439                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 429563.027597                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 429563.027597                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 429563.027597                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 429563.027597                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     47331867                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets            83                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 570263.457831                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        17968                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total           17968                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       122010                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       122010                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         4996                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         4996                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       127006                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       127006                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       127006                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       127006                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        50221                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        50221                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          150                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          150                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        50371                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        50371                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        50371                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        50371                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  17111802088                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  17111802088                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     15511658                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15511658                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  17127313746                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  17127313746                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  17127313746                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  17127313746                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.006342                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006342                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003480                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003480                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003480                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003480                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 340730.015093                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 340730.015093                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 103411.053333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103411.053333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 340023.302019                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 340023.302019                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 340023.302019                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 340023.302019                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              517.924791                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs             1008504014                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1943167.657033                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    42.924791                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.068790                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830008                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     11591543                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11591543                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     11591543                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total       11591543                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     11591543                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total      11591543                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           63                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           63                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           63                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           63                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           63                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           63                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     92007817                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     92007817                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     92007817                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     92007817                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     92007817                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     92007817                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     11591606                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11591606                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     11591606                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total     11591606                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     11591606                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total     11591606                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1460441.539683                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1460441.539683                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1460441.539683                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1460441.539683                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1460441.539683                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1460441.539683                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     67422974                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     67422974                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     67422974                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     67422974                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     67422974                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     67422974                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1532340.318182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1532340.318182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1532340.318182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1532340.318182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1532340.318182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1532340.318182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                38965                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              165354388                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                39221                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs              4215.965631                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   233.518600                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    22.481400                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.912182                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.087818                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      7978571                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7978571                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      6716584                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6716584                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        17463                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17463                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        16172                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16172                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data     14695155                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total       14695155                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data     14695155                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total      14695155                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data       124687                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       124687                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          863                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          863                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data       125550                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total       125550                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data       125550                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total       125550                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  41830144831                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  41830144831                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     72770339                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     72770339                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  41902915170                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  41902915170                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  41902915170                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  41902915170                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      8103258                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8103258                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      6717447                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6717447                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        17463                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17463                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        16172                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16172                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     14820705                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14820705                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     14820705                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14820705                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.015387                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015387                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000128                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000128                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008471                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008471                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008471                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008471                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 335481.203582                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 335481.203582                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 84322.524913                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84322.524913                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 333754.800239                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 333754.800239                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 333754.800239                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 333754.800239                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8794                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total            8794                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        85869                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        85869                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          716                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          716                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        86585                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        86585                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        86585                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        86585                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        38818                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        38818                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          147                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          147                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        38965                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        38965                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        38965                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        38965                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  11220182031                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11220182031                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      9511946                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9511946                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  11229693977                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11229693977                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  11229693977                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11229693977                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.004790                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004790                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002629                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002629                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002629                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002629                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 289045.855814                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 289045.855814                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 64707.115646                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64707.115646                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 288199.511793                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 288199.511793                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 288199.511793                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 288199.511793                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              517.192985                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs             1009209257                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1948280.418919                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    35.192985                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.056399                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.828835                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     10989512                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10989512                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     10989512                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total       10989512                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     10989512                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total      10989512                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     86447419                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     86447419                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     86447419                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     86447419                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     86447419                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     86447419                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     10989565                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10989565                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     10989565                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total     10989565                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     10989565                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total     10989565                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1631083.377358                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1631083.377358                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1631083.377358                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1631083.377358                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1631083.377358                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1631083.377358                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     58778798                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     58778798                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     58778798                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     58778798                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     58778798                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     58778798                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1632744.388889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1632744.388889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1632744.388889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1632744.388889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1632744.388889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1632744.388889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                50573                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              170841636                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                50829                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs              3361.105589                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   233.598911                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    22.401089                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.912496                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.087504                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      7748924                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7748924                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      6554857                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6554857                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        16388                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        16388                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        15089                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15089                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data     14303781                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total       14303781                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data     14303781                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total      14303781                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data       173272                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       173272                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         5192                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5192                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data       178464                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total       178464                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data       178464                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total       178464                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  73434732209                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  73434732209                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3402438035                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3402438035                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  76837170244                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  76837170244                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  76837170244                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  76837170244                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      7922196                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7922196                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      6560049                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6560049                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        16388                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        16388                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        15089                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15089                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     14482245                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14482245                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     14482245                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14482245                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.021872                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021872                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000791                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000791                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.012323                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012323                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.012323                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012323                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 423811.880794                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 423811.880794                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 655323.196263                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 655323.196263                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 430547.170544                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 430547.170544                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 430547.170544                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 430547.170544                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     44534064                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets            89                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 500382.741573                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        17928                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total           17928                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       122844                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       122844                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         5047                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         5047                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       127891                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       127891                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       127891                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       127891                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        50428                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        50428                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          145                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          145                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        50573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        50573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        50573                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        50573                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  17179106971                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  17179106971                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     13605852                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13605852                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  17192712823                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  17192712823                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  17192712823                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  17192712823                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.006365                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006365                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003492                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003492                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003492                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003492                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 340666.038134                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 340666.038134                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 93833.462069                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93833.462069                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 339958.333953                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 339958.333953                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 339958.333953                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 339958.333953                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              528.584153                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs             1013336186                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  531                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1908354.399247                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    39.497731                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst   489.086422                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.063298                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.783792                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.847090                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     10668505                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10668505                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     10668505                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total       10668505                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     10668505                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total      10668505                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           63                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           63                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           63                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           63                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           63                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           63                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     81408335                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     81408335                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     81408335                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     81408335                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     81408335                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     81408335                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     10668568                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10668568                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     10668568                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total     10668568                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     10668568                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total     10668568                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1292195.793651                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1292195.793651                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1292195.793651                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1292195.793651                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1292195.793651                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1292195.793651                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       770338                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       770338                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     63252161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     63252161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     63252161                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     63252161                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     63252161                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     63252161                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1542735.634146                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1542735.634146                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1542735.634146                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1542735.634146                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1542735.634146                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1542735.634146                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                62840                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              178933083                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                63096                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs              2835.886316                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   234.070960                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    21.929040                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.914340                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.085660                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      7391659                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7391659                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      6123976                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6123976                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        17752                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17752                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        14288                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        14288                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data     13515635                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total       13515635                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data     13515635                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total      13515635                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data       164386                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       164386                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          838                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          838                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data       165224                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total       165224                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data       165224                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total       165224                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  72374721171                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  72374721171                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    332798885                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    332798885                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  72707520056                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  72707520056                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  72707520056                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  72707520056                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      7556045                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7556045                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      6124814                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6124814                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        17752                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17752                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        14288                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        14288                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     13680859                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total     13680859                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     13680859                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total     13680859                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.021756                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021756                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000137                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000137                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.012077                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012077                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.012077                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012077                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 440273.023074                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 440273.023074                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 397134.707637                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 397134.707637                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 440054.229749                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 440054.229749                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 440054.229749                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 440054.229749                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       541183                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       541183                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7245                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total            7245                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       101662                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       101662                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          721                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          721                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       102383                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       102383                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       102383                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       102383                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        62724                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        62724                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          117                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          117                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        62841                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        62841                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        62841                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        62841                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  28426763555                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  28426763555                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     31509993                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     31509993                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  28458273548                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  28458273548                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  28458273548                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  28458273548                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008301                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008301                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004593                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004593                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004593                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004593                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 453203.933981                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 453203.933981                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 269316.179487                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 269316.179487                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 452861.564074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 452861.564074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 452861.564074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 452861.564074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              528.226221                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs             1013365828                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  531                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1908410.222222                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    38.981523                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst   489.244699                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.062470                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.784046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.846516                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     10698147                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10698147                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     10698147                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total       10698147                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     10698147                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total      10698147                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           65                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           65                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           65                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           65                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           65                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           65                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     77483215                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     77483215                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     77483215                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     77483215                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     77483215                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     77483215                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     10698212                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10698212                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     10698212                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total     10698212                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     10698212                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total     10698212                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1192049.461538                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1192049.461538                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1192049.461538                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1192049.461538                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1192049.461538                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1192049.461538                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     52474715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     52474715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     52474715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     52474715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     52474715                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     52474715                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1279871.097561                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1279871.097561                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1279871.097561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1279871.097561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1279871.097561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1279871.097561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                63009                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              178972007                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                63265                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs              2828.926057                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   234.072044                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    21.927956                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.914344                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.085656                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      7413416                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7413416                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      6141047                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6141047                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        17809                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17809                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        14327                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        14327                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data     13554463                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total       13554463                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data     13554463                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total      13554463                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data       164622                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       164622                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          850                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          850                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data       165472                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total       165472                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data       165472                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total       165472                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  71614005322                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  71614005322                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    290331558                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    290331558                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  71904336880                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  71904336880                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  71904336880                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  71904336880                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      7578038                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7578038                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      6141897                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6141897                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        17809                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17809                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        14327                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        14327                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     13719935                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total     13719935                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     13719935                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total     13719935                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.021724                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021724                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000138                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000138                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.012061                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012061                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.012061                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012061                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 435020.867940                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 435020.867940                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 341566.538824                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 341566.538824                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 434540.809805                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 434540.809805                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 434540.809805                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 434540.809805                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       157098                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       157098                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7272                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total            7272                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       101728                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       101728                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          733                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          733                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       102461                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       102461                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       102461                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       102461                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        62894                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        62894                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          117                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          117                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        63011                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        63011                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        63011                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        63011                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  28161301782                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  28161301782                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     27200962                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     27200962                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  28188502744                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  28188502744                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  28188502744                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  28188502744                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008300                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008300                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.004593                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004593                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.004593                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004593                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 447758.161065                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 447758.161065                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 232486.854701                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 232486.854701                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 447358.441288                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 447358.441288                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 447358.441288                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 447358.441288                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              578.505438                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs             1038174625                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  584                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1777696.275685                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    38.212729                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst   540.292710                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.061238                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.865854                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.927092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     10459304                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10459304                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     10459304                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total       10459304                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     10459304                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total      10459304                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           64                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           64                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           64                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           64                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           64                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           64                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    121462490                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    121462490                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    121462490                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    121462490                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    121462490                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    121462490                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     10459368                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10459368                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     10459368                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total     10459368                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     10459368                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total     10459368                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1897851.406250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1897851.406250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1897851.406250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1897851.406250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1897851.406250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1897851.406250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       230680                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       230680                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           23                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     86859801                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     86859801                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     86859801                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     86859801                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     86859801                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     86859801                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2118531.731707                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2118531.731707                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2118531.731707                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2118531.731707                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2118531.731707                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2118531.731707                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                71335                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              443138701                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                71591                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs              6189.866059                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   111.900084                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data   144.099916                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.437110                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.562890                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data     27394036                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      27394036                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data     14994831                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     14994831                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         7330                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7330                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         7314                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7314                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data     42388867                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total       42388867                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data     42388867                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total      42388867                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data       261294                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       261294                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          267                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          267                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data       261561                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total       261561                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data       261561                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total       261561                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 128308432480                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 128308432480                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    264817607                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    264817607                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 128573250087                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 128573250087                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 128573250087                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 128573250087                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     27655330                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     27655330                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     14995098                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     14995098                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         7330                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7330                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         7314                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7314                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     42650428                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total     42650428                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     42650428                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total     42650428                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.009448                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009448                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006133                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006133                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006133                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006133                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 491050.052738                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 491050.052738                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 991826.243446                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 991826.243446                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 491561.242261                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 491561.242261                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 491561.242261                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 491561.242261                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      1294647                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets      1294647                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        12375                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total           12375                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       190025                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       190025                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          201                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          201                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       190226                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       190226                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       190226                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       190226                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        71269                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        71269                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           66                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           66                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        71335                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        71335                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        71335                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        71335                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  33787632864                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  33787632864                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     65890938                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     65890938                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  33853523802                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  33853523802                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  33853523802                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  33853523802                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002577                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002577                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.001673                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001673                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.001673                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001673                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 474085.968149                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 474085.968149                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 998347.545455                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 998347.545455                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 474571.021266                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 474571.021266                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 474571.021266                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 474571.021266                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              495.481188                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1011901572                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             2040124.137097                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    40.481188                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.064874                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794040                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     11893472                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11893472                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     11893472                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total       11893472                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     11893472                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total      11893472                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    162387681                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    162387681                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    162387681                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    162387681                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    162387681                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    162387681                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     11893531                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11893531                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     11893531                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total     11893531                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     11893531                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total     11893531                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2752333.576271                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2752333.576271                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2752333.576271                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2752333.576271                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2752333.576271                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2752333.576271                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      3561518                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 890379.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    107674888                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    107674888                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    107674888                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    107674888                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    107674888                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    107674888                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2626216.780488                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2626216.780488                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2626216.780488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2626216.780488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2626216.780488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2626216.780488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                35321                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              163342322                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                35577                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs              4591.233718                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   233.467486                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    22.532514                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.911982                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.088018                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      9489784                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9489784                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      7050680                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7050680                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        18312                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18312                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        17151                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17151                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data     16540464                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total       16540464                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data     16540464                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total      16540464                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        90703                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        90703                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2089                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2089                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        92792                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total        92792                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        92792                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total        92792                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  20827300862                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  20827300862                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    134443116                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    134443116                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  20961743978                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  20961743978                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  20961743978                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  20961743978                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      9580487                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9580487                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      7052769                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7052769                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        18312                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18312                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        17151                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17151                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     16633256                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16633256                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     16633256                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16633256                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009467                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009467                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000296                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000296                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005579                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005579                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005579                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005579                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 229620.859972                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 229620.859972                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 64357.642891                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64357.642891                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 225900.335999                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 225900.335999                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 225900.335999                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 225900.335999                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        11792                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets        11792                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8396                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total            8396                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        55588                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        55588                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1883                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1883                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        57471                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        57471                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        57471                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        57471                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        35115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        35115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          206                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          206                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        35321                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        35321                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        35321                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        35321                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   8728732723                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8728732723                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     15046199                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15046199                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   8743778922                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8743778922                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   8743778922                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8743778922                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003665                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003665                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 248575.615065                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 248575.615065                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 73039.800971                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73039.800971                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 247551.850797                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 247551.850797                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 247551.850797                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 247551.850797                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              517.186517                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs             1008503467                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1946917.889961                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    42.186517                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.067607                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.828825                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     11590996                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11590996                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     11590996                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total       11590996                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     11590996                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total      11590996                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     97196278                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     97196278                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     97196278                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     97196278                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     97196278                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     97196278                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     11591056                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11591056                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     11591056                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total     11591056                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     11591056                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total     11591056                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1619937.966667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1619937.966667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1619937.966667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1619937.966667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1619937.966667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1619937.966667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       910596                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       455298                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     82856115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     82856115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     82856115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     82856115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     82856115                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     82856115                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1926886.395349                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1926886.395349                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1926886.395349                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1926886.395349                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1926886.395349                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1926886.395349                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                38977                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              165355754                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                39233                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs              4214.710932                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   233.515979                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    22.484021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.912172                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.087828                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      7978837                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7978837                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      6717873                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6717873                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        17270                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17270                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        16176                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16176                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data     14696710                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total       14696710                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data     14696710                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total      14696710                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data       124953                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       124953                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          832                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          832                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data       125785                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total       125785                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data       125785                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total       125785                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  41897574829                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  41897574829                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     69733217                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     69733217                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  41967308046                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  41967308046                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  41967308046                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  41967308046                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      8103790                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8103790                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      6718705                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6718705                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        17270                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17270                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        16176                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16176                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     14822495                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14822495                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     14822495                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14822495                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.015419                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015419                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000124                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008486                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008486                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008486                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008486                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 335306.673941                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 335306.673941                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 83813.962740                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83813.962740                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 333643.185165                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 333643.185165                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 333643.185165                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 333643.185165                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8797                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total            8797                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        86119                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        86119                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          689                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          689                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        86808                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        86808                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        86808                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        86808                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        38834                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        38834                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          143                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          143                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        38977                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        38977                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        38977                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        38977                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  11206221502                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11206221502                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      9212364                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9212364                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  11215433866                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11215433866                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  11215433866                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11215433866                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.004792                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004792                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002630                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002630                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002630                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002630                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 288567.273575                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 288567.273575                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 64422.125874                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64422.125874                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 287744.923057                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 287744.923057                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 287744.923057                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 287744.923057                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              517.278343                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs             1009201118                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1948264.706564                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    35.278343                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.056536                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.828972                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     10981373                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10981373                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     10981373                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total       10981373                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     10981373                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total      10981373                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     98216695                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     98216695                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     98216695                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     98216695                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     98216695                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     98216695                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     10981427                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10981427                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     10981427                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total     10981427                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     10981427                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total     10981427                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1818827.685185                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1818827.685185                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1818827.685185                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1818827.685185                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1818827.685185                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1818827.685185                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     66985904                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     66985904                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     66985904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     66985904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     66985904                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     66985904                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1860719.555556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1860719.555556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1860719.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1860719.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1860719.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1860719.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                50389                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              170828086                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                50645                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs              3373.049383                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   233.597608                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    22.402392                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.912491                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.087509                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      7741112                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7741112                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      6549121                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6549121                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        16400                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        16400                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        15075                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15075                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data     14290233                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total       14290233                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data     14290233                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total      14290233                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data       172772                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       172772                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         5115                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5115                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data       177887                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total       177887                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data       177887                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total       177887                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  73398060559                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  73398060559                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3106476515                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3106476515                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  76504537074                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  76504537074                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  76504537074                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  76504537074                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      7913884                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7913884                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      6554236                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6554236                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        16400                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        16400                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        15075                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15075                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     14468120                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14468120                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     14468120                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14468120                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.021832                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021832                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000780                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000780                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.012295                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012295                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.012295                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012295                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 424826.132469                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 424826.132469                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 607326.786901                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 607326.786901                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 430073.794454                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 430073.794454                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 430073.794454                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 430073.794454                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     45056970                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets            86                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 523918.255814                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        17946                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total           17946                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       122531                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       122531                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         4967                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         4967                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       127498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       127498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       127498                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       127498                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        50241                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        50241                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          148                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          148                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        50389                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        50389                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        50389                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        50389                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  17167686735                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  17167686735                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     14585421                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14585421                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  17182272156                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  17182272156                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  17182272156                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  17182272156                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006348                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006348                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003483                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003483                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003483                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003483                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 341706.708366                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 341706.708366                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 98550.141892                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98550.141892                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 340992.521304                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 340992.521304                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 340992.521304                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 340992.521304                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              526.938230                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1013329682                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  530                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1911942.796226                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    36.938230                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.059196                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.844452                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     10662001                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10662001                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     10662001                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total       10662001                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     10662001                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total      10662001                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     82475747                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     82475747                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     82475747                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     82475747                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     82475747                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     82475747                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     10662057                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10662057                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     10662057                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total     10662057                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     10662057                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total     10662057                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1472781.196429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1472781.196429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1472781.196429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1472781.196429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1472781.196429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1472781.196429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     58033763                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     58033763                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     58033763                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     58033763                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     58033763                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     58033763                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1450844.075000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1450844.075000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1450844.075000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1450844.075000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1450844.075000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1450844.075000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                62775                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              178925787                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                63031                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs              2838.695039                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   234.064979                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    21.935021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.914316                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.085684                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      7388232                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7388232                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      6120134                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6120134                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        17735                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17735                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        14278                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        14278                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data     13508366                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total       13508366                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data     13508366                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total      13508366                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data       163971                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       163971                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          830                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          830                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data       164801                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total       164801                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data       164801                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total       164801                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  72206586068                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  72206586068                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    321343826                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    321343826                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  72527929894                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  72527929894                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  72527929894                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  72527929894                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      7552203                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7552203                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      6120964                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6120964                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        17735                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17735                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        14278                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        14278                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     13673167                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total     13673167                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     13673167                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total     13673167                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.021712                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021712                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000136                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.012053                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012053                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.012053                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012053                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 440361.930268                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 440361.930268                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 387161.236145                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 387161.236145                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 440093.991505                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 440093.991505                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 440093.991505                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 440093.991505                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       157193                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       157193                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7247                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total            7247                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       101313                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       101313                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          713                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          713                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       102026                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       102026                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       102026                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       102026                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        62658                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        62658                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          117                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          117                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        62775                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        62775                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        62775                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        62775                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  28478073887                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  28478073887                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     32185901                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32185901                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  28510259788                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  28510259788                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  28510259788                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  28510259788                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008297                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008297                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.004591                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004591                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.004591                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004591                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 454500.205672                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 454500.205672                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 275093.170940                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 275093.170940                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 454165.826969                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 454165.826969                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 454165.826969                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 454165.826969                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              495.482657                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs             1011928221                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             2040177.864919                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    40.482657                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.064876                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794043                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     11920121                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11920121                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     11920121                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total       11920121                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     11920121                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total      11920121                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    155260299                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    155260299                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    155260299                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    155260299                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    155260299                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    155260299                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     11920180                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11920180                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     11920180                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total     11920180                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     11920180                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total     11920180                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2631530.491525                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2631530.491525                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2631530.491525                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2631530.491525                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2631530.491525                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2631530.491525                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2927496                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 585499.200000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    105051420                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    105051420                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    105051420                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    105051420                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    105051420                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    105051420                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2562229.756098                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2562229.756098                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2562229.756098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2562229.756098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2562229.756098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2562229.756098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                35400                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              163379235                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                35656                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs              4582.096562                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   233.473382                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    22.526618                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.912005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.087995                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      9511388                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9511388                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      7065967                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7065967                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        18296                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18296                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        17189                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17189                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data     16577355                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total       16577355                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data     16577355                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total      16577355                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        90964                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        90964                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2089                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2089                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        93053                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total        93053                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        93053                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total        93053                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  20333755158                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  20333755158                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    134379381                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    134379381                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  20468134539                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  20468134539                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  20468134539                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  20468134539                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      9602352                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9602352                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      7068056                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7068056                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        18296                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18296                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        17189                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17189                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     16670408                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16670408                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     16670408                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16670408                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.009473                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009473                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000296                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000296                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005582                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005582                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005582                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005582                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 223536.290818                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 223536.290818                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 64327.133078                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64327.133078                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 219962.113408                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 219962.113408                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 219962.113408                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 219962.113408                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        11688                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets         2922                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8415                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total            8415                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        55770                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        55770                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1883                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1883                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        57653                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        57653                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        57653                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        57653                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        35194                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        35194                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          206                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          206                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        35400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        35400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        35400                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        35400                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   8480132455                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8480132455                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     15040525                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15040525                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   8495172980                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8495172980                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   8495172980                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8495172980                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003665                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003665                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 240953.925527                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 240953.925527                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 73012.257282                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73012.257282                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 239976.637853                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 239976.637853                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 239976.637853                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 239976.637853                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              517.927849                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs             1009208506                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1944525.059730                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    35.927849                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.057577                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     10988761                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10988761                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     10988761                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total       10988761                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     10988761                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total      10988761                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     99653875                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     99653875                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     99653875                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     99653875                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     99653875                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     99653875                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     10988817                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10988817                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     10988817                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total     10988817                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     10988817                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total     10988817                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1779533.482143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1779533.482143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1779533.482143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1779533.482143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1779533.482143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1779533.482143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     66669319                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     66669319                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     66669319                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     66669319                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     66669319                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     66669319                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1801873.486486                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1801873.486486                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1801873.486486                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1801873.486486                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1801873.486486                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1801873.486486                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                50475                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              170842522                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                50731                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs              3367.615896                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   233.597708                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    22.402292                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.912491                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.087509                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      7750714                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7750714                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      6553963                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6553963                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        16380                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        16380                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        15087                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15087                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data     14304677                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total       14304677                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data     14304677                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total      14304677                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data       172714                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       172714                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         5189                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5189                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data       177903                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total       177903                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data       177903                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total       177903                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  72895329441                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  72895329441                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3512527152                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3512527152                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  76407856593                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  76407856593                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  76407856593                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  76407856593                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      7923428                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7923428                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      6559152                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6559152                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        16380                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        16380                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        15087                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15087                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     14482580                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14482580                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     14482580                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14482580                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.021798                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021798                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000791                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000791                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.012284                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012284                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.012284                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012284                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 422058.023328                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 422058.023328                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 676917.932550                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 676917.932550                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 429491.670140                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 429491.670140                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 429491.670140                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 429491.670140                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     44668665                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets            85                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 525513.705882                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        17943                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total           17943                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       122387                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       122387                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         5041                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         5041                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       127428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       127428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       127428                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       127428                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        50327                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        50327                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          148                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          148                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        50475                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        50475                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        50475                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        50475                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  17149966206                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  17149966206                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     13933268                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13933268                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  17163899474                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  17163899474                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  17163899474                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  17163899474                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006352                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006352                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003485                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003485                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003485                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003485                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 340770.683848                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 340770.683848                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 94143.702703                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94143.702703                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 340047.537870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 340047.537870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 340047.537870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 340047.537870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              497.026428                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs             1011933109                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  498                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             2031994.194779                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    42.026428                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.067350                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.796517                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     11925009                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11925009                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     11925009                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total       11925009                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     11925009                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total      11925009                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    174710494                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    174710494                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    174710494                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    174710494                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    174710494                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    174710494                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     11925069                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11925069                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     11925069                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total     11925069                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     11925069                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total     11925069                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2911841.566667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2911841.566667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2911841.566667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2911841.566667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2911841.566667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2911841.566667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2906538                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 726634.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    115601342                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    115601342                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    115601342                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    115601342                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    115601342                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    115601342                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2688403.302326                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2688403.302326                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2688403.302326                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2688403.302326                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2688403.302326                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2688403.302326                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                35414                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              163388622                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                35670                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs              4580.561312                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   233.472956                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    22.527044                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.912004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.087996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      9515955                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9515955                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      7070711                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7070711                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        18360                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18360                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        17201                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17201                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data     16586666                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total       16586666                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data     16586666                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total      16586666                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        91058                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        91058                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        93162                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total        93162                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        93162                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total        93162                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  20246700333                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  20246700333                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    135160552                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    135160552                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  20381860885                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  20381860885                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  20381860885                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  20381860885                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      9607013                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9607013                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      7072815                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7072815                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        18360                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18360                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        17201                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17201                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     16679828                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16679828                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     16679828                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16679828                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.009478                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009478                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000297                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000297                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005585                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005585                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005585                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005585                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 222349.495190                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 222349.495190                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 64239.806084                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64239.806084                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 218778.696089                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 218778.696089                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 218778.696089                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 218778.696089                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        20541                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 10270.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8421                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total            8421                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        55849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        55849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1899                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1899                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        57748                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        57748                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        57748                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        57748                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        35209                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        35209                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          205                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          205                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        35414                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        35414                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        35414                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        35414                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   8448851056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8448851056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     14987260                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14987260                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   8463838316                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8463838316                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   8463838316                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8463838316                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003665                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003665                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002123                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002123                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002123                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002123                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 239962.823596                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 239962.823596                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 73108.585366                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73108.585366                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 238996.959282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 238996.959282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 238996.959282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 238996.959282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
