
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.011071                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 11070679881                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               523679882769                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 385565                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   485763                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                 270841                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67743860                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 40875.20                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 15760041864                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   19855644714                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data       474496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data       477184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data       238464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data       477952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data       476544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data       155008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data       154880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data       154880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data       233472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data       116864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data       256256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data       476672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data       155392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data       155008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data       377856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data       233984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              4689408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           74496                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      1344128                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           1344128                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data         3707                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data         3728                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data         1863                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data         3734                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           32                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data         3723                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data         1211                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data         1210                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data         1210                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data         1824                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data          913                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data         2002                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data         3724                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data         1214                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data         1211                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data         2952                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data         1828                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 36636                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           10501                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                10501                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst       358424                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     42860602                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst       404673                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     43103405                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst       416235                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     21540140                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst       404673                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     43172778                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst       369986                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     43045595                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst       474045                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     14001669                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst       450921                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     13990107                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst       462483                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     13990107                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst       404673                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     21089220                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst       427797                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     10556172                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst       381548                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     23147269                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst       393110                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     43057157                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst       474045                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     14036356                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst       474045                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     14001669                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst       427797                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     34131237                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst       404673                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     21135468                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               423588077                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst       358424                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst       404673                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst       416235                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst       404673                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst       369986                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst       474045                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst       450921                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst       462483                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst       404673                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst       427797                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst       381548                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst       393110                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst       474045                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst       474045                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst       427797                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst       404673                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            6729126                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         121413320                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              121413320                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         121413320                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst       358424                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     42860602                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst       404673                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     43103405                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst       416235                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     21540140                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst       404673                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     43172778                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst       369986                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     43045595                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst       474045                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     14001669                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst       450921                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     13990107                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst       462483                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     13990107                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst       404673                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     21089220                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst       427797                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     10556172                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst       381548                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     23147269                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst       393110                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     43057157                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst       474045                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     14036356                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst       474045                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     14001669                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst       427797                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     34131237                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst       404673                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     21135468                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              545001397                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles               26548394                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups        1761375                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1588882                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        94565                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       665951                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits         629117                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS          97003                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4156                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18692058                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts             11064936                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches           1761375                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches       726120                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles             2188844                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles        297117                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles      2954420                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           11                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines         1074307                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes        94735                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples     24035541                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.540121                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.835908                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0       21846697     90.89%     90.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1          77752      0.32%     91.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2         160751      0.67%     91.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3          67825      0.28%     92.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4         362548      1.51%     93.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5         324713      1.35%     95.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6          62769      0.26%     95.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7         130897      0.54%     95.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8        1001589      4.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total     24035541                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.066346                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.416784                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles       18475431                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles      3172512                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles         2180544                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles         7074                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles       199974                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved       154808                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          233                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts     12973586                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1417                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles       199974                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles       18502477                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles       2948189                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles       131731                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles         2163844                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        89320                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts     12965378                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents           41                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents        46846                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents        28926                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.FullRegisterEvents          873                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands     15229868                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups     61056054                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups     61056054                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps     13472728                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps        1757123                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts         1565                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts          821                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts          205534                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads      3056913                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores      1544865                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads        14096                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores        75476                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded         12938806                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1570                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued        12427331                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7535                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1018154                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2446412                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           71                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24035541                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.517040                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.305963                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19561069     81.38%     81.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1374252      5.72%     87.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1106179      4.60%     91.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       476083      1.98%     93.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       595602      2.48%     96.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       561105      2.33%     98.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       319998      1.33%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        25473      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        15780      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24035541                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31234     11.33%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead       237421     86.14%     97.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6975      2.53%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      7800288     62.77%     62.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       108066      0.87%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          744      0.01%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2977617     23.96%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1540616     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total     12427331                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.468101                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt            275630                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022179                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     49173368                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13958881                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12319900                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses     12702961                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        22206                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       122569                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           54                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          352                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10549                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1098                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles       199974                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles       2874840                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles        26343                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12940384                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          118                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3056913                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1544865                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          821                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents        16036                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           20                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          352                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        54598                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        55953                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts       110551                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12339896                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2968154                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        87435                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   8                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs            4508569                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches        1617204                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores          1540415                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.464808                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent             12320303                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count            12319900                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers         6657097                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers        13153169                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.464054                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.506121                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10000000                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps     11751448                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1190294                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1499                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts        96420                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23835567                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.493022                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.310227                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19552734     82.03%     82.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1580007      6.63%     88.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       734736      3.08%     91.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       720909      3.02%     94.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       199938      0.84%     95.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       822246      3.45%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        62878      0.26%     99.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        45960      0.19%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       116159      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23835567                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts     10000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps     11751448                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs              4468660                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads             2934344                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars               748                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches          1551994                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts        10449670                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls       113801                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events       116159                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads           36661124                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes          26083496                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                401690                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles               2512853                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts          10000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps            11751448                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total     10000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.654839                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.654839                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.376671                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.376671                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads       60998347                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes      14312926                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads      15440347                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes         1498                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles               26548394                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups        1772570                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1599037                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        94602                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       658311                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits         632116                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS          97456                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4165                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18787593                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts             11134925                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches           1772570                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches       729572                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles             2201683                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles        298849                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles      2897401                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines         1079458                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes        94829                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples     24088570                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.542272                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.839456                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0       21886887     90.86%     90.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1          78134      0.32%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2         161403      0.67%     91.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3          68194      0.28%     92.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4         364697      1.51%     93.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5         325935      1.35%     95.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6          62883      0.26%     95.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7         132218      0.55%     95.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8        1008219      4.19%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total     24088570                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.066768                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.419420                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles       18579497                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles      3106945                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles         2193299                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles         7165                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles       201658                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved       155774                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          235                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts     13054028                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1433                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles       201658                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles       18606211                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles       2879094                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles       138939                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles         2177074                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        85588                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts     13046066                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents           55                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents        43407                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents        28557                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.FullRegisterEvents          742                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands     15326624                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups     61432292                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups     61432292                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps     13551362                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps        1775245                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts         1570                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts          822                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts          201016                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads      3073004                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores      1553695                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads        14189                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores        75159                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded         13019199                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1575                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued        12499285                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7662                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1032214                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2487229                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           68                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24088570                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.518889                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.308197                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19593181     81.34%     81.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1374951      5.71%     87.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1112582      4.62%     91.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       480634      2.00%     93.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       599586      2.49%     96.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       564371      2.34%     98.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       321794      1.34%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        25463      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        16008      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24088570                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31368     11.32%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead       238648     86.14%     97.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7031      2.54%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      7846312     62.77%     62.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       109011      0.87%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          748      0.01%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2993895     23.95%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1549319     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total     12499285                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.470811                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt            277047                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022165                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     49371849                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14053351                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12390845                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses     12776332                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        22496                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       122495                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           48                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          364                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10897                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1103                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles       201658                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles       2816029                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles        25857                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13020785                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          185                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3073004                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1553695                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          822                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents        15938                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            9                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          364                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        54244                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        56532                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts       110776                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12411138                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2984422                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        88147                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                  11                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs            4533563                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches        1626309                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores          1549141                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.467491                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent             12391278                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count            12390845                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers         6695882                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers        13229826                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.466727                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.506120                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10057311                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps     11819028                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1203217                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1507                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts        96460                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23886912                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.494791                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.312158                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19580437     81.97%     81.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1587045      6.64%     88.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       739319      3.10%     91.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       725661      3.04%     94.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       201044      0.84%     95.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       827511      3.46%     99.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        63183      0.26%     99.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        46163      0.19%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       116549      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23886912                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts     10057311                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps     11819028                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs              4493303                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads             2950505                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars               752                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches          1560964                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts        10509815                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls       114502                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events       116549                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads           36792582                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes          26246183                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                403216                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles               2459824                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts          10057311                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps            11819028                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total     10057311                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.639711                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.639711                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.378829                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.378829                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads       61345417                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes      14396776                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads      15534323                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes         1506                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles               26548394                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups        1942477                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1592409                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       192535                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       817925                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits         757743                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS         198595                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8536                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18568226                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts             11043307                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches           1942477                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches       956338                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles             2428170                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles        546327                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles      1833298                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines         1145760                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes       191328                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples     23180124                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.582764                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.918651                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0       20751954     89.52%     89.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1         262134      1.13%     90.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2         303119      1.31%     91.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3         166824      0.72%     92.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4         194103      0.84%     93.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5         106598      0.46%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6          72178      0.31%     94.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7         188484      0.81%     95.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8        1134730      4.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total     23180124                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.073167                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.415969                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles       18417210                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles      1987601                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles         2408982                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles        17905                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles       348423                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved       315448                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred         2008                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts     13483278                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts        10385                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles       348423                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles       18445120                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles        583476                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles      1324105                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles         2399701                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles        79296                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts     13474261                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents           33                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents        20357                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents        37007                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands     18721077                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups     62731769                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups     62731769                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps     15969922                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps        2751155                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts         3586                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2029                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts          216561                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads      1290245                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores       700953                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads        18570                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores       155057                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded         13452268                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3590                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued        12708571                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18318                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1691433                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3914225                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          456                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23180124                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.548253                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.241026                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17825501     76.90%     76.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2152233      9.28%     86.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1157472      4.99%     91.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       802777      3.46%     94.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       700107      3.02%     97.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       358642      1.55%     99.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        85997      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        55717      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        41678      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23180124                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3199     11.48%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead        12258     44.00%     55.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12403     44.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10637522     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       198449      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1554      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1175546      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       695500      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total     12708571                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.478695                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt             27860                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002192                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     48643444                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15147425                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12496291                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses     12736431                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        32153                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       232082                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           83                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          136                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        16273                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          777                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          298                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles       348423                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles        536351                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13190                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13455881                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1210                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1290245                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       700953                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2025                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9306                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          136                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       111390                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       108324                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts       219714                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12520884                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1104130                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       187687                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                  23                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs            1799424                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches        1751669                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores           695294                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.471625                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent             12496560                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count            12496291                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers         7426211                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers        19456619                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.470699                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.381680                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9378659                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps     11505585                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1950411                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3134                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts       193506                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22831701                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.503930                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.320117                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18131203     79.41%     79.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2179542      9.55%     88.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       914906      4.01%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       547951      2.40%     95.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       379911      1.66%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       244964      1.07%     98.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       127740      0.56%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       102398      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       203086      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22831701                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts      9378659                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps     11505585                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs              1742843                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads             1058163                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars              1564                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches          1646479                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts        10372764                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls       233989                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events       203086                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads           36084546                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes          27260430                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                287066                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles               3368270                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts           9378659                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps            11505585                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total      9378659                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.830724                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.830724                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.353267                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.353267                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads       56473769                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes      17343279                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads      12580778                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes         3130                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles               26548382                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups        1770513                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1597157                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        94384                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       657254                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits         630859                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS          97397                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4169                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18772629                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts             11125093                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches           1770513                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches       728256                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles             2199363                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles        298169                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles      2869372                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines         1078506                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes        94603                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples     24042799                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.542847                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.840495                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0       21843436     90.85%     90.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1          78017      0.32%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2         161154      0.67%     91.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3          68000      0.28%     92.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4         363923      1.51%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5         325961      1.36%     95.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6          62355      0.26%     95.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7         132007      0.55%     95.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8        1007946      4.19%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total     24042799                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.066690                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.419050                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles       18569537                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles      3073891                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles         2191112                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles         7053                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles       201200                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved       155623                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          235                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts     13043098                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1441                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles       201200                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles       18595790                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles       2859614                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles       127120                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles         2175222                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles        83847                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts     13035216                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents           28                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents        42300                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents        28052                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.FullRegisterEvents          661                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands     15310685                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups     61383896                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups     61383896                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps     13540135                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps        1770460                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts         1553                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts          806                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts          197135                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads      3072688                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores      1553011                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads        14236                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores        74964                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded         13008501                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1559                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued        12489697                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7682                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1030828                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2485090                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           52                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24042799                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.519478                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.309427                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19554544     81.33%     81.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1371944      5.71%     87.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1109824      4.62%     91.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       478520      1.99%     93.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       598759      2.49%     96.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       565443      2.35%     98.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       322098      1.34%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        25630      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        16037      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24042799                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31339     11.29%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead       239157     86.17%     97.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7045      2.54%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      7837983     62.76%     62.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       108925      0.87%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          747      0.01%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2993370     23.97%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1548672     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total     12489697                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.470450                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt            277541                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022222                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     49307416                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14041250                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12381514                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses     12767238                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        22430                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       122903                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           50                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          363                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10670                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1104                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles       201200                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles       2795629                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles        25302                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13010069                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          143                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3072688                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1553011                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          806                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents        15441                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            6                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          363                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        54006                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        56436                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts       110442                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12401844                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2983582                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        87853                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                   9                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs            4532060                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches        1625135                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores          1548478                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.467141                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent             12381918                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count            12381514                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers         6690385                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers        13214763                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.466375                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.506281                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10050773                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps     11810919                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1200406                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1507                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts        96238                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23841599                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.495391                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.313111                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19540060     81.96%     81.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1584605      6.65%     88.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       737645      3.09%     91.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       724880      3.04%     94.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       200721      0.84%     95.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       827884      3.47%     99.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        63112      0.26%     99.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        46128      0.19%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       116564      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23841599                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts     10050773                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps     11810919                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs              4492103                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads             2949769                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars               752                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches          1559771                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts        10502521                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls       114328                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events       116564                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads           36736334                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes          26223955                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                403566                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles               2505583                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts          10050773                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps            11810919                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total     10050773                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.641427                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.641427                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.378583                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.378583                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads       61303392                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes      14383648                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads      15523127                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes         1506                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles               26548394                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups        1767885                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1594665                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        94084                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       657373                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits         630203                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS          97154                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4198                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18744880                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts             11107428                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches           1767885                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches       727357                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles             2195886                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles        296577                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles      2926503                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines         1076722                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes        94294                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples     24067415                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.541368                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.838110                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0       21871529     90.88%     90.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1          78097      0.32%     91.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2         160834      0.67%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3          67689      0.28%     92.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4         363392      1.51%     93.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5         325524      1.35%     95.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6          62914      0.26%     95.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7         131654      0.55%     95.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8        1005782      4.18%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total     24067415                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.066591                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.418384                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles       18537462                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles      3135349                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles         2187569                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles         7119                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles       199910                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved       155509                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          236                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts     13020856                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1442                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles       199910                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles       18563877                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles       2919030                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles       127397                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles         2171499                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles        85696                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts     13013029                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents           81                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents        43694                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents        28427                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.FullRegisterEvents          838                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands     15283303                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups     61279919                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups     61279919                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps     13525521                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps        1757770                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts         1555                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts          809                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts          199372                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads      3067517                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores      1551381                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads        14367                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores        75018                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded         12986251                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1560                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued        12471812                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7347                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1020433                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2459071                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           57                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24067415                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.518203                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.307904                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19584653     81.37%     81.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1371036      5.70%     87.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1108034      4.60%     91.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       477620      1.98%     93.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       598507      2.49%     96.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       564724      2.35%     98.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       321539      1.34%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        25450      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        15852      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24067415                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31242     11.27%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead       238836     86.19%     97.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7041      2.54%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      7825814     62.75%     62.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       108749      0.87%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          746      0.01%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2989372     23.97%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1547131     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total     12471812                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.469777                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt            277119                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022220                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     49295505                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14008612                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12364800                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses     12748931                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        22567                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       120838                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           47                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          369                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10675                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1100                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles       199910                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles       2854260                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles        25669                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12987820                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          157                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3067517                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1551381                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          809                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents        15748                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           17                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          369                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        53854                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        56170                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts       110024                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12384799                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2980074                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        87013                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   9                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs            4527024                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches        1622938                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores          1546950                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.466499                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent             12365216                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count            12364800                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers         6681408                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers        13196479                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.465746                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.506302                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10040012                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps     11798345                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1190869                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1503                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts        95927                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23867505                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.494327                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.311873                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19570712     82.00%     82.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1582968      6.63%     88.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       736403      3.09%     91.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       723939      3.03%     94.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       200591      0.84%     95.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       827502      3.47%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        63039      0.26%     99.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        46162      0.19%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       116189      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23867505                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts     10040012                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps     11798345                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs              4487378                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads             2946672                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars               750                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches          1558150                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts        10491341                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls       114224                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events       116189                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads           36740504                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes          26178378                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                402737                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles               2480979                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts          10040012                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps            11798345                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total     10040012                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.644259                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.644259                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.378178                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.378178                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads       61222596                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes      14362457                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads      15500869                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes         1502                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles               26548394                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups        2052961                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1679679                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       202229                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       842512                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits         806402                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS         211013                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9171                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19751336                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts             11481653                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches           2052961                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches      1017415                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles             2394734                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles        553723                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles      1105243                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines         1210161                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes       202338                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples     23600185                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.597497                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.933009                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0       21205451     89.85%     89.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1         110964      0.47%     90.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2         176753      0.75%     91.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3         239111      1.01%     92.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4         246962      1.05%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5         209037      0.89%     94.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6         117218      0.50%     94.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7         174620      0.74%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8        1120069      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total     23600185                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.077329                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.432480                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles       19547583                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles      1311010                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles         2390078                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles         2869                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles       348642                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved       337846                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          232                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts     14087962                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1358                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles       348642                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles       19601584                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles        195346                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles       990742                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles         2339574                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles       124294                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts     14082251                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents           18                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents        18199                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents        53399                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands     19645214                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups     65508158                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups     65508158                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps     16992776                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps        2652438                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts         3442                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1770                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts          370111                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads      1319564                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores       713107                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8507                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores       229877                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded         14064790                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3456                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued        13340347                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2015                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1584078                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3804221                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           84                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23600185                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.565265                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.255052                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17910891     75.89%     75.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2374322     10.06%     85.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1191769      5.05%     91.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       871185      3.69%     94.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       688946      2.92%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       281842      1.19%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       176676      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        92550      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12004      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23600185                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2773     12.42%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8508     38.10%     50.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11047     49.48%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11221030     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       199242      1.49%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1670      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1207635      9.05%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       710770      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total     13340347                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.502492                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22328                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001674                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50305222                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15652388                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13139490                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses     13362675                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        27093                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       215632                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           66                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10832                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles       348642                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles        165024                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12606                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14068272                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          791                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1319564                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       713107                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1772                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10681                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           66                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       116665                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114425                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts       231090                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13156211                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1136490                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       184136                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                  26                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs            1847199                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches        1868492                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores           710709                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.495556                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent             13139612                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count            13139490                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers         7542981                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers        20334902                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.494926                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.370938                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9905937                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps     12188845                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1879437                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3372                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts       204578                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23251543                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524217                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.364632                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18212298     78.33%     78.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2517385     10.83%     89.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       932603      4.01%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       445298      1.92%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       399307      1.72%     96.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       216667      0.93%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       174128      0.75%     98.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        85827      0.37%     98.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       268030      1.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23251543                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts      9905937                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps     12188845                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs              1806207                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads             1103932                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars              1682                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches          1757632                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts        10981932                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls       250942                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events       268030                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads           37051717                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes          28485220                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                301266                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles               2948209                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts           9905937                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps            12188845                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total      9905937                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.680049                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.680049                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.373128                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.373128                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads       59206698                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes      18303177                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads      13057097                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes         3368                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles               26548137                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups        2054731                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1681342                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       202269                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       840690                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits         806224                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS         211056                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9144                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19758256                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts             11491460                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches           2054731                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches      1017280                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles             2396621                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles        554184                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles      1104095                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.MiscStallCycles          633                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines         1210744                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes       202367                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples     23608911                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.597789                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.933493                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0       21212290     89.85%     89.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1         111018      0.47%     90.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2         176811      0.75%     91.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3         239284      1.01%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4         247130      1.05%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5         209789      0.89%     94.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6         116402      0.49%     94.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7         174729      0.74%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8        1121458      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total     23608911                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.077396                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.432854                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles       19555426                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles      1309559                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles         2391958                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles         2902                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles       349063                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved       337921                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          233                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts     14100253                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1366                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles       349063                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles       19609376                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles        187961                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles       996686                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles         2341566                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles       124256                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts     14094646                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents           23                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents        18263                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents        53362                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands     19665353                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups     65564586                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups     65564586                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps     17005551                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps        2659722                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts         3442                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1769                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts          370151                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads      1320616                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores       713721                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8469                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores       230154                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded         14077204                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3455                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued        13351600                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1986                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1586334                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3809771                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           83                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23608911                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.565532                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.255283                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17915121     75.88%     75.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2375636     10.06%     85.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1193071      5.05%     91.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       872066      3.69%     94.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       689574      2.92%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       281960      1.19%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       176783      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        92770      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11930      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23608911                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2783     12.38%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8634     38.41%     50.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11060     49.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11230283     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       199548      1.49%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1671      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1208656      9.05%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       711442      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total     13351600                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.502920                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22477                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001683                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50336574                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15667058                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13150531                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses     13374077                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        27241                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       215815                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            5                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           69                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10909                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles       349063                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles        157652                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12644                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14080686                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          730                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1320616                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       713721                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1771                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10712                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           69                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       116695                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114855                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts       231550                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13167219                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1137545                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       184381                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                  27                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs            1848918                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches        1870192                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores           711373                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.495975                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent             13150660                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count            13150531                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers         7550430                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers        20352386                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.495347                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.370985                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9913365                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps     12198085                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1882538                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3372                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts       204614                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23259848                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524427                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.364828                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18216499     78.32%     78.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2519282     10.83%     89.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       933806      4.01%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       445855      1.92%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       399211      1.72%     96.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       216687      0.93%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       174453      0.75%     98.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        85811      0.37%     98.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       268244      1.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23259848                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts      9913365                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps     12198085                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs              1807592                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads             1104789                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars              1682                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches          1758994                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts        10990268                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls       251150                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events       268244                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads           37072149                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes          28510396                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                301304                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles               2939226                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts           9913365                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps            12198085                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total      9913365                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.678015                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.678015                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.373411                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.373411                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads       59254579                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes      18320091                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads      13068450                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes         3368                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles               26548394                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups        2052509                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1679162                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       202123                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       842116                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits         805838                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS         211058                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9174                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19745139                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts             11478131                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches           2052509                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches      1016896                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles             2394079                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles        553178                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles      1092447                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.MiscStallCycles          673                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines         1209853                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes       202239                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples     23580780                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.597810                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.933420                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0       21186701     89.85%     89.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1         110798      0.47%     90.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2         176420      0.75%     91.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3         239593      1.02%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4         246896      1.05%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5         209462      0.89%     94.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6         116593      0.49%     94.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7         174568      0.74%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8        1119749      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total     23580780                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.077312                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.432347                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles       19542337                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles      1297883                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles         2389503                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles         2854                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles       348200                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved       337948                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          232                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts     14084163                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1358                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles       348200                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles       19596037                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles        184789                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles       988675                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles         2339279                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles       123797                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts     14078566                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents           19                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents        18276                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents        53107                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands     19641860                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups     65490700                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups     65490700                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps     16990704                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps        2651151                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts         3439                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1767                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts          368698                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads      1319027                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores       713081                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8468                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores       229946                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded         14060959                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3453                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued        13339272                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1997                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1579777                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3793986                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           81                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23580780                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.565684                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.255403                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17892013     75.88%     75.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2373546     10.07%     85.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1192361      5.06%     91.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       871350      3.70%     94.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       688391      2.92%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       281768      1.19%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       176913      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        92432      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12006      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23580780                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2760     12.37%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8521     38.18%     50.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11039     49.46%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11219852     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       199227      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1670      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1207775      9.05%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       710748      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total     13339272                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.502451                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22320                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001673                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50283641                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15644258                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13137479                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses     13361592                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        27117                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       215226                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           72                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10892                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles       348200                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles        154351                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12616                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14064437                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          714                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1319027                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       713081                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1769                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10693                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           72                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       116499                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114548                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts       231047                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13154072                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1136149                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       185200                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                  25                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs            1846830                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches        1868737                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores           710681                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.495475                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent             13137605                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count            13137479                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers         7542262                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers        20330310                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.494850                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.370986                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9904740                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps     12187361                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1877084                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3372                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts       204472                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23232580                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524581                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.364998                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18193461     78.31%     78.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2517536     10.84%     89.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       932696      4.01%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       445523      1.92%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       398792      1.72%     96.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       216458      0.93%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       174387      0.75%     98.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        85732      0.37%     98.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       267995      1.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23232580                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts      9904740                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps     12187361                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs              1805987                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads             1103798                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars              1682                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches          1757417                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts        10980602                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls       250913                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events       267995                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads           37028952                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes          28477110                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                301196                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles               2967614                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts           9904740                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps            12187361                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total      9904740                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.680373                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.680373                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.373082                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.373082                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads       59195246                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes      18301269                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads      13053366                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes         3368                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles               26548394                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups        1943086                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1593753                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       192455                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       795012                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits         756178                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS         198380                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8469                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18550577                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts             11050702                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches           1943086                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches       954558                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles             2428676                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles        548587                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles      1891600                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines         1144674                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes       190991                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples     23223795                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.581817                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.917609                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0       20795119     89.54%     89.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1         262737      1.13%     90.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2         304510      1.31%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3         166626      0.72%     92.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4         191847      0.83%     93.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5         106196      0.46%     93.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6          72225      0.31%     94.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7         187643      0.81%     95.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8        1136892      4.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total     23223795                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.073190                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.416247                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles       18398502                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles      2046974                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles         2408477                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles        18902                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles       350937                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved       314723                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred         2005                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts     13486522                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts        10479                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles       350937                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles       18428194                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles        526821                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles      1438000                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles         2398580                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles        81260                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts     13477136                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents           31                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents        19863                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents        38200                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.FullRegisterEvents           31                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands     18730305                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups     62750463                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups     62750463                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps     15958570                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps        2771735                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts         3621                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2061                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts          222656                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads      1289040                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores       700331                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads        18410                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores       155168                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded         13454794                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3626                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued        12701782                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17817                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1705674                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3955505                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          492                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23223795                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.546930                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.240192                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17872982     76.96%     76.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2151276      9.26%     86.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1155822      4.98%     91.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       802230      3.45%     94.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       699813      3.01%     97.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       356840      1.54%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        87062      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        55812      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        41958      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23223795                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3227     11.56%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead        12228     43.80%     55.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12463     44.64%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10631599     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       198753      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1553      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1174727      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       695150      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total     12701782                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.478439                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt             27918                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002198                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     48673094                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15164223                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12488768                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses     12729700                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        31555                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       231633                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           73                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          132                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        16128                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          777                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          102                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles       350937                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles        484913                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13003                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13458440                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4423                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1289040                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       700331                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2061                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9308                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          132                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       111159                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       108485                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts       219644                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12513250                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1103481                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       188532                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                  20                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs            1798423                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches        1750092                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores           694942                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.471337                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent             12489024                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count            12488768                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers         7425071                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers        19452014                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.470415                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.381712                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9372040                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps     11497362                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1961261                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3134                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts       193455                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22872858                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.502664                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.318506                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18175180     79.46%     79.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2178589      9.52%     88.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       913507      3.99%     92.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       548341      2.40%     95.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       379321      1.66%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       245451      1.07%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       127525      0.56%     98.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       102505      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       202439      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22872858                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts      9372040                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps     11497362                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs              1741610                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads             1057407                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars              1564                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches          1645257                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts        10365386                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls       233817                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events       202439                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads           36128977                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes          27268193                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                286373                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles               3324599                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts           9372040                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps            11497362                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total      9372040                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.832723                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.832723                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.353017                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.353017                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads       56444524                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes      17334743                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads      12587456                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes         3130                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles               26548394                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups        2296300                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1911917                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       210919                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       869021                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits         836289                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS         246656                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9771                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19964482                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts             12598762                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches           2296300                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches      1082945                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles             2624361                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles        589379                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles      1879462                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.MiscStallCycles         4080                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           93                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines         1242071                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes       201611                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples     24849021                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.623242                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.985834                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0       22224660     89.44%     89.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1         160073      0.64%     90.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2         201444      0.81%     90.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3         322962      1.30%     92.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4         136180      0.55%     92.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5         173148      0.70%     93.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6         203171      0.82%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7          93438      0.38%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8        1333945      5.37%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total     24849021                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.086495                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.474558                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles       19850376                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles      2009336                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles         2611758                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles         1291                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles       376252                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved       349330                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          291                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts     15401269                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1644                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles       376252                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles       19871016                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles         64852                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles      1887881                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles         2592351                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles        56662                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts     15306046                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents           17                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents         8153                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents        39337                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands     21375719                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups     71170303                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups     71170303                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps     17830346                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps        3545373                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts         3660                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1891                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts          199919                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads      1436251                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores       748376                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8489                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores       170482                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded         14940209                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3675                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued        14315479                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15363                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1846525                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3783495                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          106                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24849021                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.576098                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.300575                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18784964     75.60%     75.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2765127     11.13%     86.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1130298      4.55%     91.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       633524      2.55%     93.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       858709      3.46%     97.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       265865      1.07%     98.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       259852      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       139545      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11137      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24849021                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         98961     78.94%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13612     10.86%     89.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12794     10.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12059474     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       195365      1.36%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1768      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1313134      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       745738      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total     14315479                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.539222                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt            125367                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008757                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     53620709                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16790495                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13938665                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses     14440846                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10637                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       277252                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           88                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11782                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            4                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles       376252                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles         49392                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6262                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14943890                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11652                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1436251                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       748376                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1892                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5425                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           88                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       124142                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       119199                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts       243341                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14063522                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1290626                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       251957                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs            2036237                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches        1987857                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores           745611                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.529732                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent             13938780                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count            13938665                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers         8349774                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers        22438362                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.525029                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.372120                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10373567                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps     12782802                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2161149                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3569                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts       212485                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24472769                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.522328                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.340673                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19060668     77.89%     77.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2743692     11.21%     89.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       996271      4.07%     93.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       496003      2.03%     95.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       453121      1.85%     97.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       190233      0.78%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       188900      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        89538      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       254343      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24472769                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts     10373567                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps     12782802                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs              1895593                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads             1158999                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars              1780                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches          1852712                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts        11508844                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls       264005                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events       254343                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads           39162299                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes          30264166                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                305668                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles               1699373                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts          10373567                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps            12782802                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total     10373567                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.559235                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.559235                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.390742                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.390742                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads       63275413                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes      19477895                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads      14239363                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes         3566                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles               26548394                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups        1788616                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1607757                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       142007                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1228945                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1200009                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS         101358                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4207                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19090315                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts             10179159                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches           1788616                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches      1301367                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles             2273157                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles        471589                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles       818695                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles         1658                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines         1154635                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes       139033                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples     22512650                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.503490                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.730935                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0       20239493     89.90%     89.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1         357674      1.59%     91.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2         167993      0.75%     92.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3         353290      1.57%     93.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4         102440      0.46%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5         329547      1.46%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6          48460      0.22%     95.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7          76918      0.34%     96.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8         836835      3.72%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total     22512650                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.067372                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.383419                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles       18865971                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles      1049266                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles         2268497                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles         1872                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles       327040                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved       159162                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred         1784                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts     11314243                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         4371                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles       327040                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles       18891615                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles        762713                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles       208151                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles         2244017                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles        79110                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts     11295729                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents           21                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents         8801                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents        63653                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands     14727031                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups     51075757                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups     51075757                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps     11896121                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps        2830910                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts         1436                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts          730                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts          169530                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads      2108033                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores       312674                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1864                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores        71037                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded         11237694                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1441                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued        10508991                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         6846                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2066414                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4236128                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22512650                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.466804                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.075603                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17894344     79.49%     79.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1421527      6.31%     85.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1593447      7.08%     92.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       904496      4.02%     96.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       450619      2.00%     98.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       112774      0.50%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       129875      0.58%     99.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3058      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2510      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22512650                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         16655     56.54%     56.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     56.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     56.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     56.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     56.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     56.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     56.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     56.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     56.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     56.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     56.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     56.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     56.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     56.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     56.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     56.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     56.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7171     24.34%     80.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         5631     19.12%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8196875     78.00%     78.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        77870      0.74%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          707      0.01%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1923870     18.31%     97.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       309669      2.95%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total     10508991                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.395843                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29457                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002803                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     43566935                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13305578                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10241540                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses     10538448                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         7635                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       434232                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           32                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         7805                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles       327040                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles        662204                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles         9465                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     11239145                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1362                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2108033                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       312674                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          729                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents         3828                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          268                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           32                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        96364                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        53634                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts       149998                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts     10380503                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1897072                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       128488                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                  10                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs            2206709                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches        1584508                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores           309637                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.391003                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent             10244025                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count            10241540                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers         6214362                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers        13252117                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.385769                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.468934                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8188872                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps      9158654                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2081005                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1426                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts       140959                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22185610                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.412820                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.282649                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18807798     84.77%     84.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1305450      5.88%     90.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       860989      3.88%     94.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       266055      1.20%     95.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       455443      2.05%     97.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        84461      0.38%     98.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        53139      0.24%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        48050      0.22%     98.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       304225      1.37%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22185610                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts      8188872                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps      9158654                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs              1978670                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads             1673801                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars               712                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches          1411440                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts         7984605                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls       108546                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events       304225                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads           33121018                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes          22806631                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                432730                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles               4035744                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts           8188872                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps             9158654                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total      8188872                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     3.242009                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               3.242009                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.308451                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.308451                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads       48358303                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes      13279423                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads      12126544                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes         1424                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles               26548394                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups        1766529                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1593582                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        94387                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       656362                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits         629486                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS          97271                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4203                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18726840                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts             11098326                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches           1766529                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches       726757                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles             2194293                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles        298119                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles      2882388                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines         1076079                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes        94577                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples     24004895                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.542366                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.839673                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0       21810602     90.86%     90.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1          78095      0.33%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2         160644      0.67%     91.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3          67706      0.28%     92.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4         363578      1.51%     93.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5         325240      1.35%     95.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6          62196      0.26%     95.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7         131421      0.55%     95.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8        1005413      4.19%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total     24004895                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.066540                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.418041                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles       18521563                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles      3089148                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles         2185938                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles         7102                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles       201138                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved       155244                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          236                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts     13010668                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1443                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles       201138                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles       18547867                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles       2864820                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles       134615                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles         2169792                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles        86657                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts     13002844                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents           28                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents        44662                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents        28391                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.FullRegisterEvents          926                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands     15273672                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups     61230401                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups     61230401                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps     13505237                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps        1768431                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts         1562                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts          816                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts          199889                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads      3064231                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores      1548969                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads        14267                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores        75398                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded         12976038                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1568                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued        12458722                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7486                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1026776                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2475848                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           65                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24004895                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.519008                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.308497                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19524829     81.34%     81.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1371031      5.71%     87.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1107448      4.61%     91.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       478375      1.99%     93.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       597880      2.49%     96.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       563148      2.35%     98.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       320821      1.34%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        25420      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        15943      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24004895                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31313     11.33%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead       238146     86.15%     97.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6982      2.53%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      7819453     62.76%     62.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       108715      0.87%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          745      0.01%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2985137     23.96%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1544672     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total     12458722                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.469283                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt            276441                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022189                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     49206266                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14004747                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12350913                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses     12735163                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        22499                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       122283                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           49                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          366                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10711                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1101                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles       201138                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles       2797519                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles        25088                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12977615                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          173                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3064231                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1548969                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          817                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents        15425                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           15                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          366                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        54027                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        56528                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts       110555                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12371001                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2975616                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        87721                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   9                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs            4520085                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches        1621105                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores          1544469                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.465979                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent             12351319                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count            12350913                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers         6674024                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers        13182587                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.465223                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.506276                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10024650                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps     11780244                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1198775                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1503                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts        96243                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23803757                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.494890                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.312409                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19512265     81.97%     81.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1581517      6.64%     88.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       736015      3.09%     91.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       723344      3.04%     94.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       200069      0.84%     95.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       825305      3.47%     99.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        63069      0.26%     99.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        45934      0.19%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       116239      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23803757                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts     10024650                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps     11780244                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs              4480206                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads             2941948                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars               750                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches          1555723                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts        10475258                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls       114041                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events       116239                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads           36666511                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes          26159203                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                402240                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles               2543499                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts          10024650                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps            11780244                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total     10024650                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.648311                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.648311                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.377599                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.377599                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads       61150900                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes      14348650                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads      15484907                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes         1502                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles               26548394                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups        2055407                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1681676                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       202477                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       843514                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits         807365                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS         211260                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9180                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19775139                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts             11495415                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches           2055407                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches      1018625                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles             2397594                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles        554376                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles      1082696                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines         1211624                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes       202590                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples     23604703                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598096                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.933885                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0       21207109     89.84%     89.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1         111093      0.47%     90.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2         176972      0.75%     91.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3         239396      1.01%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4         247239      1.05%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5         209298      0.89%     94.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6         117359      0.50%     94.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7         174838      0.74%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8        1121399      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total     23604703                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.077421                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.432999                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles       19571138                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles      1288712                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles         2392930                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles         2876                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles       349044                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved       338253                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          232                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts     14104808                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1358                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles       349044                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles       19625201                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles        190907                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles       972696                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles         2342375                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles       124477                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts     14099071                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents           18                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents        18269                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents        53457                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands     19668742                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups     65586358                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups     65586358                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps     17013389                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps        2655348                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts         3446                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1772                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts          370558                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads      1321113                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores       713956                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8519                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores       230085                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded         14081625                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3460                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued        13356412                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2018                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1585791                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3808240                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           84                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23604703                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.565837                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.255559                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17908570     75.87%     75.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2377160     10.07%     85.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1193199      5.05%     90.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       872249      3.70%     94.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       689787      2.92%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       282176      1.20%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       176879      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        92659      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12024      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23604703                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2781     12.44%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8519     38.10%     50.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11058     49.46%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11234567     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       199482      1.49%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1672      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1209071      9.05%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       711620      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total     13356412                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.503097                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22358                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001674                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50341903                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15670940                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13155342                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses     13378770                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        27126                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       215855                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           66                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10842                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles       349044                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles        160588                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12614                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14085111                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          791                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1321113                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       713956                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1774                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10688                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           66                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       116819                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114559                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts       231378                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13172078                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1137848                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       184334                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                  26                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs            1849405                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches        1870747                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores           711557                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.496153                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent             13155463                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count            13155342                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers         7552100                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers        20359442                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.495523                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.370938                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9917930                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps     12203578                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1881538                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3376                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts       204829                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23255659                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524757                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.365230                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18210299     78.30%     78.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2520437     10.84%     89.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       933774      4.02%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       445828      1.92%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       399759      1.72%     96.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       216934      0.93%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       174350      0.75%     98.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        85921      0.37%     98.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       268357      1.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23255659                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts      9917930                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps     12203578                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs              1808369                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads             1105255                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars              1684                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches          1759750                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts        10995208                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls       251243                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events       268357                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads           37072340                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes          28519294                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                301640                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles               2943691                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts           9917930                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps            12203578                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total      9917930                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.676808                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.676808                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.373579                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.373579                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads       59278061                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes      18325304                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads      13072741                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes         3372                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles               26548387                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups        2054424                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1680870                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       202366                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       843075                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits         806824                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS         211134                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9185                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19763438                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts             11489860                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches           2054424                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches      1017958                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles             2396405                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles        554195                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles      1088429                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.MiscStallCycles          671                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines         1210949                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes       202466                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples     23598162                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.597981                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.933735                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0       21201757     89.84%     89.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1         111028      0.47%     90.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2         176820      0.75%     91.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3         239312      1.01%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4         247130      1.05%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5         209267      0.89%     94.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6         117154      0.50%     94.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7         174685      0.74%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8        1121009      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total     23598162                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.077384                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.432789                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles       19560150                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles      1294420                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles         2391720                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles         2892                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles       348977                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved       338094                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          233                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts     14098157                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1358                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles       348977                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles       19614183                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles        184717                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles       984706                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles         2341203                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles       124373                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts     14092397                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents           21                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents        18231                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents        53429                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands     19659502                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups     65555198                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups     65555198                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps     17003495                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps        2656007                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts         3445                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1772                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts          370447                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads      1320587                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores       713559                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8505                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores       229999                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded         14074922                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3458                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued        13349574                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2000                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1586056                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3809013                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           86                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23598162                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.565704                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.255442                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17905147     75.88%     75.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2375557     10.07%     85.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1192688      5.05%     91.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       871914      3.69%     94.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       689413      2.92%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       282022      1.20%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       176814      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        92603      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12004      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23598162                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2771     12.41%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8509     38.11%     50.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11049     49.48%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11228780     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       199401      1.49%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1671      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1208496      9.05%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       711226      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total     13349574                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.502839                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22329                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001673                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50321639                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15664500                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13148464                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses     13371903                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        27123                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       215952                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           66                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10841                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles       348977                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles        154330                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12614                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14078406                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          788                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1320587                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       713559                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1774                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10694                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           66                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       116707                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114563                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts       231270                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13165172                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1137250                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       184402                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                  26                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs            1848413                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches        1869808                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores           711163                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.495893                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent             13148583                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count            13148464                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers         7548367                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers        20349102                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.495264                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.370943                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9912168                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps     12196561                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1881855                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3372                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts       204715                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23249185                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524602                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.365061                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18206782     78.31%     78.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2518909     10.83%     89.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       933197      4.01%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       445694      1.92%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       399453      1.72%     96.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       216806      0.93%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       174278      0.75%     98.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        85862      0.37%     98.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       268204      1.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23249185                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts      9912168                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps     12196561                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs              1807353                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads             1104635                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars              1682                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches          1758752                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts        10988883                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls       251106                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events       268204                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads           37059319                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes          28505822                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                301427                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles               2950225                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts           9912168                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps            12196561                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total      9912168                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.678363                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.678363                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.373362                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.373362                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads       59246771                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes      18315753                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads      13066354                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes         3368                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles               26548394                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups        1863583                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1524703                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       183849                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       763166                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits         732533                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS         190668                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8087                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18072813                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts             10577068                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches           1863583                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches       923201                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles             2215611                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles        538216                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles       888499                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines         1113183                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes       184813                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples     21527236                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.600494                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.945316                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0       19311625     89.71%     89.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1         120550      0.56%     90.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2         188722      0.88%     91.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3         302013      1.40%     92.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4         124954      0.58%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5         139147      0.65%     93.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6         148599      0.69%     94.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7          97200      0.45%     94.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8        1094426      5.08%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total     21527236                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.070196                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.398407                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles       17900115                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles      1062893                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles         2208480                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles         5704                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles       350041                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved       304698                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          275                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts     12916170                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1637                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles       350041                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles       17928837                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles        233341                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles       744498                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles         2186024                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles        84492                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts     12906279                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents         2565                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents        21597                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents        31052                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.FullRegisterEvents         7758                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands     17910351                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups     60037961                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups     60037961                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps     15234787                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps        2675560                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts         3351                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1878                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts          244162                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads      1233382                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores       660921                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19474                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores       149845                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded         12885335                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3361                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued        12175740                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15992                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1668168                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3738299                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          386                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     21527236                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.565597                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259595                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16393877     76.15%     76.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2061962      9.58%     85.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1124900      5.23%     90.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       766502      3.56%     94.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       719098      3.34%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       206710      0.96%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       162184      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        54598      0.25%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        37405      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     21527236                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2878     12.58%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9033     39.50%     52.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        10960     47.92%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10199707     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       192490      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1473      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1125691      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       656379      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total     12175740                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.458624                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22871                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001878                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     45917579                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14557019                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11976771                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses     12198611                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        36446                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       227710                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           33                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          160                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        21638                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          783                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles       350041                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles        158839                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles        10791                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12888723                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         3666                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1233382                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       660921                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1875                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents         7869                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          160                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       106653                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       105560                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts       212213                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12000098                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1058401                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       175642                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                  27                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs            1714460                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches        1687143                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores           656059                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.452008                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent             11976966                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count            11976771                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers         7003042                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers        18309167                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.451130                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.382488                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8949590                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps     10969794                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1919028                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         2975                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts       187519                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     21177195                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.518000                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.369563                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     16722430     78.96%     78.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2158170     10.19%     89.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       841365      3.97%     93.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       450235      2.13%     95.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       338936      1.60%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       188866      0.89%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       117609      0.56%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       104211      0.49%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       255373      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     21177195                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts      8949590                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps     10969794                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs              1644953                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads             1005670                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars              1484                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches          1574573                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts         9884670                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls       222838                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events       255373                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads           33810579                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes          26127716                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                294953                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles               5021158                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts           8949590                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps            10969794                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total      8949590                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.966437                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.966437                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.337105                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.337105                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads       54113135                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes      16599121                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads      12043381                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes         2972                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles               26548394                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups        1944185                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1594590                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       192547                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       794751                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits         756051                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS         198546                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8479                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18555019                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts             11056907                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches           1944185                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches       954597                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles             2429656                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles        549647                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles      1915175                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines         1145197                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes       191156                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples     23253704                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.581430                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.917102                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0       20824048     89.55%     89.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1         262804      1.13%     90.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2         304186      1.31%     91.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3         166650      0.72%     92.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4         191769      0.82%     93.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5         106216      0.46%     93.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6          72437      0.31%     94.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7         188257      0.81%     95.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8        1137337      4.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total     23253704                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.073232                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.416481                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles       18403357                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles      2070120                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles         2409640                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles        18729                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles       351855                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved       315004                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred         1999                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts     13495055                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts        10477                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles       351855                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles       18432931                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles        569686                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles      1418563                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles         2399654                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles        81012                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts     13485861                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents           31                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents        19689                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents        38153                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.FullRegisterEvents           31                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands     18741972                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups     62789764                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups     62789764                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps     15959336                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps        2782628                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts         3609                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2049                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts          222562                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads      1290731                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores       700796                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads        18449                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores       155882                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded         13462938                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3613                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued        12707063                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18229                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1713194                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3973479                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          479                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23253704                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.546453                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.239730                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17900869     76.98%     76.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2151833      9.25%     86.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1155978      4.97%     91.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       803133      3.45%     94.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       700011      3.01%     97.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       357176      1.54%     99.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        86877      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        55927      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        41900      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23253704                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3222     11.49%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead        12360     44.09%     55.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12454     44.42%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10635337     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       198820      1.56%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1553      0.01%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1175798      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       695555      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total     12707063                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.478638                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt             28036                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002206                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     48714095                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15179875                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12493146                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses     12735099                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        31527                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       233282                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           82                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          133                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        16570                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          777                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          157                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles       351855                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles        525281                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13019                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13466572                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4754                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1290731                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       700796                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2048                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9324                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          133                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       111110                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       108745                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts       219855                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12518204                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1104275                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       188859                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                  21                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs            1799603                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches        1750753                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores           695328                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.471524                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent             12493397                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count            12493146                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers         7427511                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers        19458593                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.470580                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.381709                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9372478                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps     11497896                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1968858                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3134                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts       193555                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22901849                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.502051                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.317766                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18203324     79.48%     79.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2179307      9.52%     89.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       913845      3.99%     92.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       548431      2.39%     95.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       379041      1.66%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       245334      1.07%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       127674      0.56%     98.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       102416      0.45%     99.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       202477      0.88%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22901849                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts      9372478                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps     11497896                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs              1741675                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads             1057449                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars              1564                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches          1645343                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts        10365855                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls       233826                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events       202477                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads           36166061                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes          27285376                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                286518                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles               3294690                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts           9372478                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps            11497896                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total      9372478                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.832591                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.832591                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.353034                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.353034                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads       56464520                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes      17341260                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads      12594238                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes         3130                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                         3738                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2047.932804                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                         151663                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                         5786                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                        26.212064                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks           4.286216                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    12.884979                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data  1272.398562                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data         758.363047                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.006291                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.621288                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.370294                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.999967                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         3663                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                  3664                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1226                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total                1226                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data         3666                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                   3667                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data         3666                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                  3667                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3704                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total                3735                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::total                 3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3707                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                 3738                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3707                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total                3738                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     66866500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3609121994                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3675988494                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      3029811                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      3029811                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     66866500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3612151805                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total     3679018305                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     66866500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3612151805                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total    3679018305                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         7367                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total              7399                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1226                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total            1226                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         7373                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total               7405                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           32                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         7373                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total              7405                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.502783                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.504798                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.502780                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.504794                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.502780                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.504794                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2156983.870968                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 974384.987581                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 984200.400000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      1009937                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1009937                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2156983.870968                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 974413.759104                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 984221.055377                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2156983.870968                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 974413.759104                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 984221.055377                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks                668                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                     668                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3704                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3735                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3707                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total            3738                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3707                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total           3738                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     64144700                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3283873359                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3348018059                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      2766411                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2766411                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     64144700                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3286639770                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3350784470                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     64144700                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3286639770                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3350784470                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.502783                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.504798                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.502780                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.504794                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.502780                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.504794                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2069183.870968                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 886574.880940                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 896390.377242                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       922137                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       922137                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2069183.870968                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 886603.660642                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 896411.040663                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2069183.870968                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 886603.660642                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 896411.040663                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                         3763                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2047.934597                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                         151685                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                         5811                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                        26.103080                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks           4.268518                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    14.567732                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data  1275.984481                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data         753.113865                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002084                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.007113                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.623039                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.367731                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.999968                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3681                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                  3682                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1230                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total                1230                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3684                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                   3685                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3684                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                  3685                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3725                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total                3760                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::total                 3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3728                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                 3763                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3728                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total                3763                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     64052621                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3530140197                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3594192818                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      2093852                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      2093852                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     64052621                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3532234049                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total     3596286670                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     64052621                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3532234049                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total    3596286670                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         7406                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total              7442                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1230                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total            1230                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         7412                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total               7448                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         7412                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total              7448                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.502971                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.505241                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.502968                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.505236                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.502968                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.505236                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1830074.885714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 947688.643490                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 955902.345213                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 697950.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 697950.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1830074.885714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 947487.674088                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 955696.696784                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1830074.885714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 947487.674088                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 955696.696784                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks                672                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                     672                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3725                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3760                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3728                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total            3763                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3728                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total           3763                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     60978337                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3203035754                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3264014091                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      1830452                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1830452                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     60978337                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3204866206                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3265844543                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     60978337                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3204866206                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3265844543                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.502971                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.505241                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.502968                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.505236                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.502968                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.505236                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1742238.200000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 859875.370201                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 868088.853989                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 610150.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 610150.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1742238.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 859674.411481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 867883.216317                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1742238.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 859674.411481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 867883.216317                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                         1899                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                     2047.511155                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                         177530                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                         3947                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                        44.978465                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks          49.340543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    23.592030                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   845.244447                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data        1129.334136                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.024092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.011520                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.412717                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.551433                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total               0.999761                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3380                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                  3381                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1887                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total                1887                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3395                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                   3396                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3395                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                  3396                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1863                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total                1899                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1863                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                 1899                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1863                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total                1899                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     77568387                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1573923475                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1651491862                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     77568387                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1573923475                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total     1651491862                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     77568387                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1573923475                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total    1651491862                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         5243                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total              5280                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1887                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total            1887                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         5258                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total               5295                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         5258                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total              5295                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.355331                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.359659                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.354317                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.358640                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.354317                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.358640                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2154677.416667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 844832.783145                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 869663.961032                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2154677.416667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 844832.783145                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 869663.961032                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2154677.416667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 844832.783145                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 869663.961032                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks               1098                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                    1098                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1863                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1899                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1863                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total            1899                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1863                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total           1899                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     74407587                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1410352075                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1484759662                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     74407587                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1410352075                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1484759662                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     74407587                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1410352075                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1484759662                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.355331                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.359659                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.354317                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.358640                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.354317                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.358640                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2066877.416667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 757032.783145                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 781863.961032                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2066877.416667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 757032.783145                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 781863.961032                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2066877.416667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 757032.783145                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 781863.961032                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                         3769                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2047.933195                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         151673                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                         5817                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                        26.074093                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks           4.273507                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    14.296735                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data  1277.616927                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data         751.746026                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002087                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.006981                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.623836                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.367063                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.999967                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3670                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                  3671                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1229                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total                1229                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3673                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                   3674                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3673                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                  3674                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3731                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total                3766                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_misses::total                 3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3734                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                 3769                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3734                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total                3769                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     64005369                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3527214147                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3591219516                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      2055273                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      2055273                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     64005369                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3529269420                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total     3593274789                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     64005369                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3529269420                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total    3593274789                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         7401                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total              7437                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1229                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total            1229                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         7407                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total               7443                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         7407                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total              7443                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.504121                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.506387                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.504118                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.506382                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.504118                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.506382                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1828724.828571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 945380.366390                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 953589.887414                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       685091                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total       685091                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1828724.828571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 945171.242635                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 953376.171133                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1828724.828571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 945171.242635                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 953376.171133                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks                671                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                     671                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3731                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3766                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3734                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total            3769                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3734                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total           3769                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     60931611                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3199568310                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3260499921                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      1791873                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1791873                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     60931611                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3201360183                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3262291794                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     60931611                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3201360183                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3262291794                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.504121                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.506387                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.504118                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.506382                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.504118                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.506382                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1740903.171429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 857563.202895                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 865772.682156                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       597291                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       597291                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1740903.171429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 857354.092930                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 865558.979570                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1740903.171429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 857354.092930                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 865558.979570                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                         3755                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2047.934378                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         151669                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                         5803                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                        26.136309                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks           4.273653                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    13.230668                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data  1274.221723                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data         756.208334                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002087                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.006460                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.622179                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.369242                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.999968                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3668                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                  3669                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1227                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total                1227                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3671                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                   3672                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3671                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                  3672                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3720                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total                3752                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_misses::total                 3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3723                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                 3755                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3723                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total                3755                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     59977073                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3576086763                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3636063836                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      2773097                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      2773097                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     59977073                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3578859860                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total     3638836933                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     59977073                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3578859860                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total    3638836933                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         7388                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total              7421                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1227                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total            1227                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         7394                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total               7427                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           33                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         7394                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total              7427                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.503519                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.505592                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.503516                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.505588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.503516                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.505588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1874283.531250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 961313.645968                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 969100.169510                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 924365.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 924365.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1874283.531250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 961283.873221                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 969064.429561                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1874283.531250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 961283.873221                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 969064.429561                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks                671                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                     671                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3720                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3752                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3723                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total            3755                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3723                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total           3755                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     57167473                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3249428683                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3306596156                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      2509606                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2509606                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     57167473                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3251938289                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3309105762                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     57167473                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3251938289                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3309105762                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.503519                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.505592                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.503516                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.505588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.503516                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.505588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1786483.531250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 873502.334140                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 881288.954158                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 836535.333333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 836535.333333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1786483.531250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 873472.546065                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 881253.198935                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1786483.531250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 873472.546065                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 881253.198935                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                         1253                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2047.424725                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                         154524                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                         3299                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                        46.839648                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.099272                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    30.441810                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   584.213314                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data        1405.670328                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013232                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.014864                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.285260                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.686362                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.999719                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2929                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                  2931                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks            958                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total                 958                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total                  18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2947                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                   2949                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2947                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                  2949                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1212                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total                1253                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1212                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                 1253                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1212                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total                1253                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     85938041                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    976191336                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1062129377                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     85938041                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    976191336                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total     1062129377                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     85938041                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    976191336                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total    1062129377                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         4141                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total              4184                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          958                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total             958                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         4159                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total               4202                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         4159                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total              4202                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.292683                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.299474                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.291416                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.298191                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.291416                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.298191                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2096049.780488                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 805438.396040                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 847669.095770                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2096049.780488                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 805438.396040                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 847669.095770                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2096049.780488                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 805438.396040                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 847669.095770                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks                532                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                     532                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l205.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l205.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l205.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l205.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1211                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1252                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1211                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total            1252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1211                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total           1252                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     82338241                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    868624736                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    950962977                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     82338241                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    868624736                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    950962977                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     82338241                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    868624736                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    950962977                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.292441                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.299235                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.291176                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.297953                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.291176                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.297953                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2008249.780488                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 717278.890173                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 759555.093450                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2008249.780488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 717278.890173                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 759555.093450                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2008249.780488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 717278.890173                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 759555.093450                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                         1250                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2047.421102                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                         154526                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                         3296                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                        46.882888                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.094630                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    29.840066                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   585.334011                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data        1405.152395                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013230                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.014570                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.285808                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.686110                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.999717                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         2930                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                  2932                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks            959                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total                 959                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::total                  18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data         2948                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                   2950                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data         2948                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                  2950                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1212                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total                1251                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1212                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                 1251                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1212                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total                1251                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     88291195                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    976287081                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1064578276                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     88291195                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    976287081                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total     1064578276                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     88291195                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    976287081                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total    1064578276                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         4142                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total              4183                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          959                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total             959                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         4160                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total               4201                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         4160                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total              4201                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.292612                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.299068                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.291346                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.297786                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.291346                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.297786                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2263876.794872                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 805517.393564                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 850981.835332                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2263876.794872                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 805517.393564                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 850981.835332                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2263876.794872                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 805517.393564                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 850981.835332                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks                532                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                     532                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l206.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l206.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l206.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l206.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1211                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1211                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total            1250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1211                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total           1250                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     84864155                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    869418332                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    954282487                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     84864155                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    869418332                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    954282487                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     84864155                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    869418332                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    954282487                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.292371                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.298829                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.291106                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.297548                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.291106                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.297548                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2176003.974359                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 717934.213047                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 763425.989600                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2176003.974359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 717934.213047                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 763425.989600                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2176003.974359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 717934.213047                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 763425.989600                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                         1252                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2047.420738                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                         154521                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                         3298                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                        46.852941                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.096904                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    30.453019                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   583.823251                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data        1406.047565                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013231                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.014870                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.285070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.686547                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.999717                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2926                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                  2928                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks            959                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total                 959                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::total                  18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2944                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                   2946                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2944                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                  2946                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1211                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total                1251                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1211                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                 1251                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1211                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total                1251                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     84466075                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    983745535                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1068211610                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     84466075                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    983745535                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total     1068211610                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     84466075                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    983745535                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total    1068211610                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         4137                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total              4179                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          959                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total             959                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         4155                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total               4197                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         4155                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total              4197                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.292724                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.299354                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.291456                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.298070                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.291456                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.298070                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2111651.875000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 812341.482246                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 853886.179057                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2111651.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 812341.482246                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 853886.179057                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2111651.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 812341.482246                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 853886.179057                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks                532                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                     532                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l207.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l207.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l207.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l207.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1210                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1210                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total            1250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1210                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total           1250                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     80953109                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    876869682                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    957822791                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     80953109                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    876869682                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    957822791                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     80953109                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    876869682                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    957822791                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.292482                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.299115                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.291215                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.297832                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.291215                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.297832                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2023827.725000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 724685.687603                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 766258.232800                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2023827.725000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 724685.687603                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 766258.232800                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2023827.725000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 724685.687603                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 766258.232800                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                         1860                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2047.512317                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                         177507                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                         3908                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                        45.421443                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks          50.612224                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    23.020960                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   836.082625                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data        1137.796509                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.024713                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.011241                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.408243                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.555565                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.999762                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3357                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                  3358                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1888                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total                1888                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3372                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                   3373                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3372                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                  3373                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1824                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total                1859                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1824                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                 1859                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1824                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total                1859                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     60579697                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1531802190                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1592381887                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     60579697                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1531802190                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total     1592381887                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     60579697                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1531802190                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total    1592381887                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         5181                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total              5217                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1888                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total            1888                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         5196                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total               5232                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         5196                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total              5232                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.352056                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.356335                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.351039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.355313                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.351039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.355313                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1730848.485714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 839803.832237                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 856579.820871                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1730848.485714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 839803.832237                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 856579.820871                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1730848.485714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 839803.832237                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 856579.820871                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks               1073                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                    1073                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1824                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1859                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1824                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total            1859                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1824                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total           1859                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     57506697                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1371638092                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1429144789                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     57506697                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1371638092                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1429144789                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     57506697                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1371638092                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1429144789                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.352056                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.356335                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.351039                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.355313                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.351039                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.355313                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1643048.485714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 751994.567982                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 768770.731038                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1643048.485714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 751994.567982                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 768770.731038                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1643048.485714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 751994.567982                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 768770.731038                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                          950                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2047.421781                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                         177770                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                         2998                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                        59.296197                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks          39.223432                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    31.445369                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   449.015669                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data        1527.737312                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.019152                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.015354                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.219246                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.745965                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.999718                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2840                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                  2842                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks            878                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total                 878                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::total                  18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2858                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                   2860                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2858                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                  2860                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          913                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total                 950                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data          913                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                  950                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data          913                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total                 950                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    111705127                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    743560118                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     855265245                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    111705127                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    743560118                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total      855265245                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    111705127                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    743560118                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total     855265245                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         3753                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total              3792                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          878                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total             878                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         3771                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total               3810                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         3771                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total              3810                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.243272                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.250527                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.242111                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.249344                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.242111                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.249344                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 3019057.486486                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 814414.148959                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 900279.205263                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 3019057.486486                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 814414.148959                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 900279.205263                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 3019057.486486                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 814414.148959                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 900279.205263                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks                491                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                     491                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          913                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            950                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          913                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total             950                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          913                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total            950                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    108447198                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    662988180                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    771435378                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    108447198                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    662988180                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    771435378                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    108447198                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    662988180                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    771435378                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.243272                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.250527                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.242111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.249344                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.242111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.249344                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2931005.351351                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 726164.490690                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 812037.240000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2931005.351351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 726164.490690                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 812037.240000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2931005.351351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 726164.490690                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 812037.240000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                         2035                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                     2047.805810                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                         114954                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                         4083                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                        28.154298                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.803090                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    19.975182                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   928.649318                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data        1069.378220                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014552                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.009754                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.453442                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.522157                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total               0.999905                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3272                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                  3273                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks            587                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total                 587                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::total                   6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3278                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                   3279                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3278                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                  3279                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2002                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total                2035                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2002                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                 2035                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2002                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total                2035                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     79260580                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1565349698                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1644610278                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     79260580                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1565349698                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total     1644610278                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     79260580                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1565349698                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total    1644610278                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         5274                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total              5308                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          587                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total             587                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         5280                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total               5314                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         5280                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total              5314                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.379598                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.383384                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.379167                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.382951                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.379167                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.382951                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2401835.757576                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 781892.956044                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 808162.298771                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2401835.757576                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 781892.956044                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 808162.298771                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2401835.757576                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 781892.956044                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 808162.298771                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks                291                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                     291                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2002                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2035                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2002                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total            2035                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2002                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total           2035                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     76363180                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1389574098                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1465937278                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     76363180                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1389574098                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1465937278                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     76363180                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1389574098                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1465937278                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.379598                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.383384                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.379167                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.382951                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.379167                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.382951                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2314035.757576                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 694092.956044                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 720362.298771                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2314035.757576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 694092.956044                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 720362.298771                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2314035.757576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 694092.956044                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 720362.298771                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                         3758                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                     2047.932473                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                         151661                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                         5806                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                        26.121426                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks           4.243512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    14.136849                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data  1273.735829                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data         755.816284                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002072                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.006903                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.621941                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.369051                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total               0.999967                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3661                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                  3662                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1226                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total                1226                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3664                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                   3665                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3664                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                  3665                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3721                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total                3755                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_misses::total                 3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3724                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                 3758                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3724                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total                3758                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     67583550                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3556227325                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3623810875                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      3653372                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      3653372                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     67583550                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3559880697                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total     3627464247                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     67583550                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3559880697                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total    3627464247                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         7382                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total              7417                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1226                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total            1226                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         7388                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total               7423                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         7388                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total              7423                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.504064                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.506269                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.504061                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.506264                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.504061                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.506264                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1987751.470588                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 955718.173878                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 965062.816245                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 1217790.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1217790.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1987751.470588                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 955929.295650                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 965264.568121                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1987751.470588                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 955929.295650                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 965264.568121                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks                670                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                     670                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3721                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3755                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3724                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total            3758                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3724                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total           3758                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     64597850                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3229429689                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3294027539                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      3389972                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3389972                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     64597850                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3232819661                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3297417511                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     64597850                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3232819661                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3297417511                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.504064                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.506269                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.504061                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.506264                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.504061                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.506264                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1899936.764706                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 867892.955926                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 877237.693475                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 1129990.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1129990.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1899936.764706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 868104.098013                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 877439.465407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1899936.764706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 868104.098013                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 877439.465407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                         1256                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2047.420192                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                         154527                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                         3302                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                        46.798001                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.093874                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    30.429401                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   585.536657                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data        1404.360260                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013229                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.014858                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.285907                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.685723                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.999717                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2931                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                  2933                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks            959                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total                 959                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::total                  18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2949                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                   2951                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2949                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                  2951                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1215                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total                1256                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1215                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                 1256                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1215                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total                1256                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     76584867                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    964647230                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1041232097                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     76584867                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    964647230                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total     1041232097                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     76584867                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    964647230                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total    1041232097                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         4146                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total              4189                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          959                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total             959                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         4164                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total               4207                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         4164                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total              4207                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.293054                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.299833                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.291787                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.298550                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.291787                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.298550                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1867923.585366                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 793948.337449                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 829006.446656                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1867923.585366                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 793948.337449                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 829006.446656                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1867923.585366                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 793948.337449                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 829006.446656                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks                533                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                     533                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l212.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l212.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l212.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l212.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1214                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1255                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1214                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total            1255                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1214                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total           1255                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     72985067                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    857448774                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    930433841                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     72985067                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    857448774                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    930433841                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     72985067                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    857448774                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    930433841                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.292812                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.299594                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.291547                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.298312                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.291547                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.298312                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1780123.585366                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 706300.472817                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 741381.546614                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1780123.585366                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 706300.472817                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 741381.546614                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1780123.585366                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 706300.472817                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 741381.546614                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                         1253                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2047.421611                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                         154525                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                         3299                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                        46.839952                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.096423                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    30.435939                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   584.824203                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data        1405.065046                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013231                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.014861                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.285559                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.686067                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.999718                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         2930                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                  2932                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks            958                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total                 958                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::total                  18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data         2948                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                   2950                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data         2948                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                  2950                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1212                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total                1253                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1212                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                 1253                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1212                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total                1253                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     94258305                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    973646913                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1067905218                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     94258305                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    973646913                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total     1067905218                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     94258305                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    973646913                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total    1067905218                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         4142                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total              4185                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          958                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total             958                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         4160                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total               4203                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         4160                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total              4203                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.292612                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.299403                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.291346                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.298120                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.291346                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.298120                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2298983.048780                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 803339.037129                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 852278.705507                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2298983.048780                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 803339.037129                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 852278.705507                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2298983.048780                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 803339.037129                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 852278.705507                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks                532                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                     532                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l213.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l213.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l213.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l213.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1211                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1252                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1211                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total            1252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1211                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total           1252                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     90658505                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    866704588                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    957363093                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     90658505                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    866704588                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    957363093                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     90658505                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    866704588                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    957363093                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.292371                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.299164                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.291106                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.297882                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.291106                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.297882                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2211183.048780                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 715693.301404                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 764667.007188                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2211183.048780                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 715693.301404                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 764667.007188                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2211183.048780                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 715693.301404                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 764667.007188                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                         2989                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2047.619243                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                         117669                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                         5035                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                        23.370209                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.578309                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    22.391204                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   868.488544                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data        1144.161186                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.006142                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.010933                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.424067                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.558672                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.999814                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3563                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                  3564                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks            812                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total                 812                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::total                  10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3573                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                   3574                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3573                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                  3574                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2948                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total                2985                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::total                 4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2952                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                 2989                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2952                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total                2989                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     57113023                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2724213445                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    2781326468                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      6286173                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      6286173                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     57113023                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2730499618                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total     2787612641                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     57113023                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2730499618                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total    2787612641                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         6511                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total              6549                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          812                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total             812                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total              14                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         6525                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total               6563                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         6525                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total              6563                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.452772                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.455795                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.285714                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.285714                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.452414                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.455432                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.452414                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.455432                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1543595.216216                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 924088.685550                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 931767.660972                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 1571543.250000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1571543.250000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1543595.216216                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 924965.995257                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 932623.834393                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1543595.216216                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 924965.995257                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 932623.834393                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks                460                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                     460                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2948                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2985                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2952                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total            2989                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2952                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total           2989                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     53863113                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2465317341                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2519180454                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      5934464                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5934464                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     53863113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2471251805                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2525114918                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     53863113                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2471251805                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2525114918                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.452772                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.455795                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.285714                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.285714                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.452414                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.455432                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.452414                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.455432                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1455759.810811                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 836267.754749                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 843946.550754                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      1483616                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1483616                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1455759.810811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 837144.920393                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 844802.582134                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1455759.810811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 837144.920393                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 844802.582134                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                         1864                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2047.477644                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                         177499                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                         3912                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                        45.372955                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks          50.898247                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    23.021357                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   836.689677                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data        1136.868363                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.024853                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.011241                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.408540                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.555112                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.999745                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3351                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                  3352                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1887                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total                1887                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3366                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                   3367                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3366                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                  3367                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1827                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total                1862                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1828                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                 1863                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1828                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total                1863                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     66681527                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1544869623                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1611551150                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      1366946                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      1366946                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     66681527                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1546236569                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total     1612918096                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     66681527                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1546236569                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total    1612918096                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         5178                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total              5214                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1887                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total            1887                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total              16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         5194                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total               5230                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         5194                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total              5230                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.352839                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.357115                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.062500                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.062500                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.351945                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.356214                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.351945                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.356214                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1905186.485714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 845577.243021                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 865494.709989                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      1366946                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1366946                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1905186.485714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 845862.455689                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 865763.873323                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1905186.485714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 845862.455689                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 865763.873323                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks               1075                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                    1075                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1827                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1862                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total            1863                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1828                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total           1863                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     63607528                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1384419941                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1448027469                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      1279146                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1279146                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     63607528                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1385699087                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1449306615                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     63607528                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1385699087                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1449306615                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.352839                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.357115                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.062500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.062500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.351945                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.356214                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.351945                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.356214                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1817357.942857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 757755.851669                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 777673.184211                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      1279146                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1279146                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1817357.942857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 758041.076039                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 777942.359098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1817357.942857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 758041.076039                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 777942.359098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              569.844900                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1001082147                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  575                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1741012.429565                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    28.116107                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst   541.728793                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.045058                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.868155                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.913213                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1074257                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1074257                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1074257                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total        1074257                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1074257                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total       1074257                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    106763180                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    106763180                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    106763180                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    106763180                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    106763180                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    106763180                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1074307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1074307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1074307                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total      1074307                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1074307                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total      1074307                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2135263.600000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2135263.600000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2135263.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2135263.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2135263.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2135263.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       116226                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       116226                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     67189870                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     67189870                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     67189870                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     67189870                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     67189870                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     67189870                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2099683.437500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2099683.437500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2099683.437500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2099683.437500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2099683.437500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2099683.437500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                 7373                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              393103131                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                 7629                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             51527.478175                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   110.851192                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data   145.148808                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.433012                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.566988                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      2799576                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2799576                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1532778                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1532778                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          802                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          802                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          749                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          749                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data      4332354                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total        4332354                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data      4332354                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total       4332354                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        27213                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        27213                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           18                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        27231                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total        27231                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        27231                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total        27231                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  14692491702                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  14692491702                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      9990557                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      9990557                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  14702482259                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14702482259                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  14702482259                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14702482259                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      2826789                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2826789                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1532796                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1532796                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          802                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          802                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          749                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          749                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      4359585                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4359585                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      4359585                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4359585                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.009627                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009627                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000012                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006246                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006246                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006246                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006246                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 539907.092272                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 539907.092272                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 555030.944444                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 555030.944444                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 539917.089310                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 539917.089310                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 539917.089310                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 539917.089310                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1226                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total            1226                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        19846                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        19846                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        19858                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        19858                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        19858                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        19858                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         7367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         7373                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7373                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         7373                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7373                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3889314082                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3889314082                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      3247011                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3247011                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3892561093                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3892561093                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3892561093                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3892561093                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002606                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002606                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.001691                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001691                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.001691                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001691                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 527937.299036                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 527937.299036                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 541168.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 541168.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 527948.066323                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 527948.066323                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 527948.066323                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 527948.066323                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              571.972977                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs             1001087296                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  579                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1728993.602763                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    30.678136                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst   541.294841                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.049164                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.867460                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.916623                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1079406                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1079406                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1079406                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total        1079406                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1079406                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total       1079406                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     89595623                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     89595623                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     89595623                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     89595623                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     89595623                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     89595623                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1079458                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1079458                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1079458                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total      1079458                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1079458                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total      1079458                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1722992.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1722992.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1722992.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1722992.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1722992.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1722992.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     64409004                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     64409004                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     64409004                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     64409004                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     64409004                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     64409004                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      1789139                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1789139                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      1789139                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1789139                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      1789139                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1789139                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                 7412                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              393126569                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                 7668                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             51268.462311                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   110.857489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data   145.142511                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.433037                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.566963                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      2814536                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2814536                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1541252                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1541252                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          802                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          802                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          753                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          753                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data      4355788                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total        4355788                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data      4355788                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total       4355788                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        27468                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        27468                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           18                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        27486                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total        27486                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        27486                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total        27486                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  14448589603                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  14448589603                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      7556789                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7556789                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  14456146392                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14456146392                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  14456146392                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14456146392                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      2842004                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2842004                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1541270                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1541270                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          802                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          802                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          753                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          753                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      4383274                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4383274                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      4383274                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4383274                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.009665                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009665                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000012                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006271                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006271                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006271                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006271                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 526015.348879                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 526015.348879                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 419821.611111                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 419821.611111                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 525945.804846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 525945.804846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 525945.804846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 525945.804846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1230                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total            1230                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        20062                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        20062                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        20074                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        20074                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        20074                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        20074                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         7406                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7406                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         7412                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7412                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         7412                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7412                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3811761546                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3811761546                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      2311052                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2311052                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3814072598                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3814072598                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3814072598                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3814072598                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002606                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002606                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.001691                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001691                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.001691                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001691                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 514685.598974                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 514685.598974                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 385175.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 385175.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 514580.760658                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 514580.760658                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 514580.760658                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 514580.760658                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              514.102644                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              972825052                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1874422.065511                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    32.102644                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.051447                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.823882                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1145711                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1145711                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1145711                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total        1145711                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1145711                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total       1145711                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    109010893                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    109010893                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    109010893                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    109010893                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    109010893                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    109010893                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1145760                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1145760                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1145760                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total      1145760                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1145760                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total      1145760                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2224712.102041                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2224712.102041                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2224712.102041                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2224712.102041                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2224712.102041                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2224712.102041                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     77941120                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     77941120                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     77941120                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     77941120                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     77941120                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     77941120                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2106516.756757                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2106516.756757                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2106516.756757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2106516.756757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2106516.756757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2106516.756757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                 5258                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              153885797                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                 5514                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             27908.196772                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   226.783229                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    29.216771                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.885872                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.114128                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       805891                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        805891                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       680776                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       680776                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1671                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1671                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1565                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1565                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1486667                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total        1486667                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1486667                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total       1486667                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        18040                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18040                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          552                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          552                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        18592                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total        18592                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        18592                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total        18592                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   7703759873                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7703759873                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    352409496                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    352409496                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   8056169369                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8056169369                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   8056169369                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8056169369                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       823931                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       823931                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       681328                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       681328                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         1671                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1671                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         1565                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1565                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1505259                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1505259                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1505259                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1505259                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.021895                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021895                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000810                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000810                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.012351                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012351                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.012351                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012351                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 427037.686973                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 427037.686973                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       638423                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total       638423                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 433313.756938                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 433313.756938                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 433313.756938                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 433313.756938                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      3436253                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             6                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 572708.833333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1887                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total            1887                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        12797                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12797                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          537                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          537                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        13334                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13334                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        13334                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13334                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         5243                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5243                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         5258                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5258                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         5258                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5258                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1811404716                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1811404716                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       981998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       981998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1812386714                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1812386714                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1812386714                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1812386714                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.006363                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006363                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003493                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003493                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003493                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003493                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 345490.123212                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 345490.123212                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 65466.533333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65466.533333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 344691.273108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 344691.273108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 344691.273108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 344691.273108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              571.982459                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs             1001086342                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  579                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1728991.955095                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    30.257690                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst   541.724768                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.048490                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.868149                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.916639                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1078452                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1078452                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1078452                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total        1078452                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1078452                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total       1078452                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     85076673                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     85076673                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     85076673                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     85076673                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     85076673                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     85076673                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1078506                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1078506                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1078506                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total      1078506                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1078506                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total      1078506                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000050                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000050                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000050                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000050                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000050                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000050                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1575493.944444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1575493.944444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1575493.944444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1575493.944444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1575493.944444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1575493.944444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     64376402                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     64376402                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     64376402                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     64376402                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     64376402                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     64376402                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1788233.388889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1788233.388889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1788233.388889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1788233.388889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1788233.388889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1788233.388889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                 7405                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              393125686                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                 7661                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             51315.192011                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   110.850831                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   145.149169                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.433011                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.566989                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      2814130                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2814130                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1540789                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1540789                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          788                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          788                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          753                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          753                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data      4354919                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total        4354919                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data      4354919                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total       4354919                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        27321                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        27321                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           18                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        27339                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total        27339                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        27339                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total        27339                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  14363207671                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  14363207671                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      7425184                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7425184                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  14370632855                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14370632855                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  14370632855                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14370632855                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      2841451                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2841451                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1540807                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1540807                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          788                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          788                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          753                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          753                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      4382258                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4382258                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      4382258                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4382258                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.009615                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009615                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000012                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.006239                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006239                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.006239                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006239                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 525720.422788                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 525720.422788                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 412510.222222                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 412510.222222                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 525645.885182                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 525645.885182                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 525645.885182                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 525645.885182                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1229                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total            1229                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        19920                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        19920                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        19932                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        19932                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        19932                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        19932                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         7401                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7401                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         7407                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7407                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         7407                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7407                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3808019833                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3808019833                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      2272473                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2272473                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3810292306                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3810292306                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3810292306                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3810292306                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002605                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002605                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.001690                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001690                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.001690                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001690                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 514527.743954                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 514527.743954                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 378745.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 378745.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 514417.754286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 514417.754286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 514417.754286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 514417.754286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              570.705911                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs             1001084564                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  576                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1737994.034722                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    28.558866                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst   542.147044                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.045767                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.868825                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.914593                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1076674                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1076674                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1076674                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total        1076674                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1076674                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total       1076674                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     92677842                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     92677842                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     92677842                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     92677842                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     92677842                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     92677842                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1076722                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1076722                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1076722                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total      1076722                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1076722                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total      1076722                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1930788.375000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1930788.375000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1930788.375000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1930788.375000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1930788.375000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1930788.375000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     60316168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     60316168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     60316168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     60316168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     60316168                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     60316168                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1827762.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1827762.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1827762.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1827762.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1827762.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1827762.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                 7394                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              393120508                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                 7650                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             51388.301699                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   110.863574                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data   145.136426                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.433061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.566939                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      2810575                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2810575                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1539164                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1539164                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          792                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          792                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          751                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          751                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data      4349739                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total        4349739                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data      4349739                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total       4349739                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        27338                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        27338                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           18                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        27356                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total        27356                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        27356                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total        27356                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  14577449070                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  14577449070                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     10230539                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     10230539                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  14587679609                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14587679609                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  14587679609                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14587679609                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      2837913                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2837913                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1539182                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1539182                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          792                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          792                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          751                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          751                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      4377095                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4377095                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      4377095                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4377095                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.009633                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009633                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000012                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006250                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006250                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006250                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006250                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 533230.268125                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 533230.268125                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 568363.277778                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 568363.277778                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 533253.385327                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 533253.385327                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 533253.385327                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 533253.385327                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1227                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total            1227                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        19950                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        19950                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        19962                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        19962                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        19962                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        19962                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         7388                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7388                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         7394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         7394                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7394                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3856743611                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3856743611                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      2990297                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2990297                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3859733908                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3859733908                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3859733908                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3859733908                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002603                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002603                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.001689                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001689                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.001689                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001689                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 522028.101110                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 522028.101110                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 498382.833333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 498382.833333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 522008.913714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 522008.913714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 522008.913714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 522008.913714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              510.468898                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              971660473                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1875792.418919                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    35.468898                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.056841                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.818059                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1210111                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1210111                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1210111                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total        1210111                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1210111                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total       1210111                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     98858222                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     98858222                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     98858222                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     98858222                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     98858222                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     98858222                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1210161                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1210161                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1210161                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total      1210161                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1210161                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total      1210161                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1977164.440000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1977164.440000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1977164.440000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1977164.440000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1977164.440000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1977164.440000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     86420233                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     86420233                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     86420233                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     86420233                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     86420233                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     86420233                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2009772.860465                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2009772.860465                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2009772.860465                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2009772.860465                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2009772.860465                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2009772.860465                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                 4159                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              148144759                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                 4415                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             33554.871801                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   223.763345                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    32.236655                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.874076                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.125924                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       831084                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        831084                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       698926                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       698926                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1748                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1748                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1684                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1684                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1530010                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total        1530010                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1530010                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total       1530010                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        13159                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        13159                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        13263                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total        13263                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        13263                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total        13263                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   4392267018                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4392267018                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      8674225                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8674225                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   4400941243                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4400941243                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   4400941243                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4400941243                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       844243                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       844243                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       699030                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       699030                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1748                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1748                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1684                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1684                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1543273                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1543273                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1543273                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1543273                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.015587                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015587                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000149                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008594                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008594                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008594                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008594                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 333784.255491                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 333784.255491                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 83406.009615                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83406.009615                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 331820.948730                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 331820.948730                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 331820.948730                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 331820.948730                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          958                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total             958                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         9018                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         9018                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data           86                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           86                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         9104                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         9104                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         9104                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         9104                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         4141                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4141                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         4159                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4159                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         4159                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4159                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1177117279                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1177117279                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      1158942                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1158942                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1178276221                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1178276221                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1178276221                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1178276221                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.004905                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004905                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002695                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002695                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002695                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002695                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 284259.183531                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 284259.183531                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 64385.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64385.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 283307.578985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 283307.578985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 283307.578985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 283307.578985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              509.832918                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              971661058                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1883064.065891                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    34.832918                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.055822                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.817040                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1210696                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1210696                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1210696                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total        1210696                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1210696                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total       1210696                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     98067948                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     98067948                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     98067948                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     98067948                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     98067948                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     98067948                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1210743                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1210743                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1210743                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total      1210743                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1210743                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total      1210743                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2086552.085106                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2086552.085106                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2086552.085106                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2086552.085106                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2086552.085106                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2086552.085106                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       273980                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       273980                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     88762102                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     88762102                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     88762102                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     88762102                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     88762102                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     88762102                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2164929.317073                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2164929.317073                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2164929.317073                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2164929.317073                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2164929.317073                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2164929.317073                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                 4159                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              148145955                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                 4415                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             33555.142695                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   223.805049                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    32.194951                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.874238                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.125762                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       831756                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        831756                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       699453                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       699453                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1745                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1745                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1684                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1684                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1531209                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total        1531209                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1531209                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total       1531209                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        13182                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        13182                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        13286                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total        13286                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        13286                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total        13286                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   4318481499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4318481499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      8739350                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8739350                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   4327220849                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4327220849                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   4327220849                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4327220849                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       844938                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       844938                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       699557                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       699557                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1745                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1745                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1684                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1684                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1544495                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1544495                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1544495                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1544495                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.015601                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015601                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000149                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008602                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008602                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008602                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008602                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 327604.422622                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 327604.422622                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 84032.211538                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84032.211538                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 325697.790832                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 325697.790832                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 325697.790832                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 325697.790832                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          959                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total             959                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         9040                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         9040                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data           86                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           86                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         9126                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         9126                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         9126                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         9126                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         4142                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4142                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         4160                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4160                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         4160                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4160                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1177266498                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1177266498                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      1175196                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1175196                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1178441694                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1178441694                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1178441694                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1178441694                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004902                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004902                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002693                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002693                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002693                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002693                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 284226.580879                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 284226.580879                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 65288.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65288.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 283279.253365                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 283279.253365                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 283279.253365                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 283279.253365                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              510.432510                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              971660165                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1879420.048356                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    35.432510                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.056783                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.818001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1209803                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1209803                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1209803                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total        1209803                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1209803                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total       1209803                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     94949851                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     94949851                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     94949851                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     94949851                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     94949851                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     94949851                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1209852                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1209852                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1209852                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total      1209852                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1209852                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total      1209852                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1937752.061224                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1937752.061224                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1937752.061224                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1937752.061224                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1937752.061224                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1937752.061224                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       290966                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       290966                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     84939983                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     84939983                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     84939983                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     84939983                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     84939983                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     84939983                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2022380.547619                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2022380.547619                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2022380.547619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2022380.547619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2022380.547619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2022380.547619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                 4155                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              148144343                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                 4411                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             33585.205849                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   223.785142                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    32.214858                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.874161                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.125839                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       830760                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        830760                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       698840                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       698840                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1742                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1742                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1684                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1684                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1529600                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total        1529600                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1529600                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total       1529600                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        13152                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        13152                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        13256                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total        13256                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        13256                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total        13256                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   4391898282                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4391898282                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      8770156                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8770156                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   4400668438                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4400668438                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   4400668438                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4400668438                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       843912                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       843912                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       698944                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       698944                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1742                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1742                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1684                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1684                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1542856                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1542856                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1542856                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1542856                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.015585                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015585                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000149                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008592                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008592                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008592                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008592                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 333933.871807                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 333933.871807                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 84328.423077                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84328.423077                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 331975.591279                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 331975.591279                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 331975.591279                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 331975.591279                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          959                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total             959                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         9015                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         9015                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data           86                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           86                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         9101                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         9101                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         9101                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         9101                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         4137                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4137                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         4155                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4155                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         4155                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4155                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1184450899                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1184450899                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      1176097                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1176097                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1185626996                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1185626996                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1185626996                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1185626996                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.004902                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004902                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002693                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002693                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002693                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002693                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 286306.719604                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 286306.719604                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 65338.722222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65338.722222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 285349.457521                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 285349.457521                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 285349.457521                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 285349.457521                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              513.259109                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              972823962                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1878038.536680                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    31.259109                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.050095                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.822531                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1144621                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1144621                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1144621                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total        1144621                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1144621                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total       1144621                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     92030557                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     92030557                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     92030557                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     92030557                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     92030557                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     92030557                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1144674                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1144674                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1144674                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total      1144674                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1144674                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total      1144674                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1736425.603774                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1736425.603774                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1736425.603774                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1736425.603774                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1736425.603774                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1736425.603774                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     60961205                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     60961205                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     60961205                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     60961205                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     60961205                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     60961205                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1693366.805556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1693366.805556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1693366.805556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1693366.805556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1693366.805556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1693366.805556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                 5196                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              153885643                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                 5452                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             28225.539802                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   227.041055                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    28.958945                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.886879                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.113121                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       806185                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        806185                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       680319                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       680319                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1680                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1680                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1565                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1565                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1486504                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total        1486504                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1486504                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total       1486504                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        18071                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18071                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          533                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          533                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        18604                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total        18604                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        18604                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total        18604                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   7692955351                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7692955351                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    380130271                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    380130271                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   8073085622                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8073085622                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   8073085622                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8073085622                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       824256                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       824256                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       680852                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       680852                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1680                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1680                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1565                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1565                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1505108                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1505108                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1505108                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1505108                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.021924                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021924                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000783                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000783                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.012361                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012361                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.012361                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012361                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 425707.229871                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 425707.229871                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 713190.001876                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 713190.001876                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 433943.540206                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 433943.540206                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 433943.540206                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 433943.540206                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      1189549                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 297387.250000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1888                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total            1888                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        12890                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12890                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          518                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          518                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        13408                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13408                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        13408                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13408                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         5181                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5181                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         5196                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5196                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         5196                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5196                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1767471179                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1767471179                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       975690                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       975690                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1768446869                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1768446869                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1768446869                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1768446869                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003452                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003452                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003452                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003452                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 341144.794248                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 341144.794248                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data        65046                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        65046                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 340347.742302                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 340347.742302                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 340347.742302                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 340347.742302                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              490.324615                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              974825575                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  494                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1973331.123482                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    35.324615                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.056610                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.785777                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1242014                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1242014                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1242014                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total        1242014                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1242014                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total       1242014                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    165215955                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    165215955                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    165215955                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    165215955                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    165215955                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    165215955                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1242067                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1242067                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1242067                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total      1242067                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1242067                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total      1242067                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 3117282.169811                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3117282.169811                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 3117282.169811                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3117282.169811                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 3117282.169811                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3117282.169811                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2086751                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               6                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 347791.833333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    112162690                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    112162690                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    112162690                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    112162690                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    112162690                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    112162690                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2875966.410256                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2875966.410256                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2875966.410256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2875966.410256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2875966.410256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2875966.410256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                 3771                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              144469202                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                 4027                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             35875.143283                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   220.630793                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    35.369207                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.861839                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.138161                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       988686                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        988686                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       732880                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       732880                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1859                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1859                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1783                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1783                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1721566                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total        1721566                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1721566                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total       1721566                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         9631                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9631                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          109                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          109                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         9740                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total         9740                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         9740                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total         9740                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2205836669                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2205836669                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      8213726                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8213726                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2214050395                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2214050395                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2214050395                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2214050395                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       998317                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       998317                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       732989                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       732989                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1859                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1859                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1783                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1783                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1731306                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1731306                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1731306                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1731306                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009647                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009647                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000149                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005626                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005626                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005626                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005626                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 229035.060638                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 229035.060638                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 75355.284404                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75355.284404                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 227315.235626                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 227315.235626                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 227315.235626                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 227315.235626                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets         7232                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets         7232                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          878                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total             878                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         5878                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5878                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data           91                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           91                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         5969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         5969                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5969                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3771                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3771                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3771                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3771                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    936107571                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    936107571                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      1299401                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1299401                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    937406972                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    937406972                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    937406972                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    937406972                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003759                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003759                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002178                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002178                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002178                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002178                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 249429.142286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 249429.142286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 72188.944444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72188.944444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 248583.127022                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 248583.127022                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 248583.127022                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 248583.127022                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              552.035628                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              888970438                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  561                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1584617.536542                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    25.975486                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst   526.060142                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.041627                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.843045                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.884672                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1154591                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1154591                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1154591                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total        1154591                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1154591                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total       1154591                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    104745174                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    104745174                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    104745174                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    104745174                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    104745174                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    104745174                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1154635                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1154635                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1154635                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total      1154635                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1154635                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total      1154635                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2380572.136364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2380572.136364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2380572.136364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2380572.136364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2380572.136364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2380572.136364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       704906                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       704906                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     79600428                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     79600428                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     79600428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     79600428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     79600428                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     79600428                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2341189.058824                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2341189.058824                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2341189.058824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2341189.058824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2341189.058824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2341189.058824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                 5280                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              199458977                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                 5536                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             36029.439487                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   184.525687                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    71.474313                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.720803                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.279197                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1742993                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1742993                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       303406                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       303406                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          716                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          716                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          712                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          712                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data      2046399                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total        2046399                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data      2046399                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total       2046399                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        19318                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19318                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        19344                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total        19344                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        19344                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total        19344                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   9102211673                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9102211673                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      2206914                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2206914                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   9104418587                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9104418587                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   9104418587                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9104418587                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1762311                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1762311                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       303432                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       303432                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          716                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          716                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          712                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          712                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      2065743                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2065743                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      2065743                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2065743                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.010962                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010962                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000086                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000086                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009364                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009364                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009364                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009364                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 471177.744746                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 471177.744746                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 84881.307692                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84881.307692                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 470658.529105                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 470658.529105                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 470658.529105                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 470658.529105                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          587                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total             587                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        14044                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14044                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        14064                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14064                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        14064                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14064                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         5274                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5274                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         5280                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5280                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         5280                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5280                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1796177439                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1796177439                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       384600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       384600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1796562039                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1796562039                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1796562039                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1796562039                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002993                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002993                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002556                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002556                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002556                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002556                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 340572.134812                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 340572.134812                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 340257.961932                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 340257.961932                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 340257.961932                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 340257.961932                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              571.127767                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs             1001083915                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  578                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1731979.091696                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    29.832739                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   541.295028                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.047809                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.867460                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.915269                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1076025                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1076025                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1076025                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total        1076025                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1076025                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total       1076025                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    104495408                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    104495408                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    104495408                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    104495408                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    104495408                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    104495408                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1076079                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1076079                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1076079                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total      1076079                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1076079                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total      1076079                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000050                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000050                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000050                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000050                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000050                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000050                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1935100.148148                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1935100.148148                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1935100.148148                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1935100.148148                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1935100.148148                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1935100.148148                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     67940740                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     67940740                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     67940740                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     67940740                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     67940740                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     67940740                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1941164                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1941164                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1941164                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1941164                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1941164                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1941164                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                 7388                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              393113939                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                 7644                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             51427.778519                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   110.867093                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   145.132907                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.433075                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.566925                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      2806446                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2806446                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1536717                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1536717                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          799                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          799                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          751                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          751                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data      4343163                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total        4343163                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data      4343163                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total       4343163                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        27248                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        27248                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           18                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        27266                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total        27266                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        27266                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total        27266                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  14463512502                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  14463512502                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     12487061                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     12487061                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  14475999563                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14475999563                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  14475999563                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14475999563                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      2833694                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2833694                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1536735                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1536735                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          799                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          799                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          751                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          751                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      4370429                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4370429                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      4370429                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4370429                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.009616                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009616                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000012                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006239                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006239                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006239                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006239                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 530810.059527                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 530810.059527                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 693725.611111                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 693725.611111                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 530917.610321                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 530917.610321                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 530917.610321                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 530917.610321                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1226                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total            1226                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        19866                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        19866                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        19878                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        19878                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        19878                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        19878                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         7382                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7382                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         7388                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7388                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         7388                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7388                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3836464734                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3836464734                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      3870572                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3870572                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3840335306                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3840335306                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3840335306                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3840335306                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002605                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002605                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001690                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001690                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001690                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001690                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 519705.328366                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 519705.328366                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 645095.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 645095.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 519807.161072                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 519807.161072                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 519807.161072                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 519807.161072                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              510.487483                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              971661936                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1875795.243243                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    35.487483                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.056871                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.818089                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1211574                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1211574                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1211574                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total        1211574                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1211574                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total       1211574                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     87604236                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     87604236                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     87604236                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     87604236                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     87604236                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     87604236                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1211624                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1211624                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1211624                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total      1211624                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1211624                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total      1211624                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1752084.720000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1752084.720000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1752084.720000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1752084.720000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1752084.720000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1752084.720000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     77066091                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     77066091                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     77066091                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     77066091                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     77066091                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     77066091                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1792234.674419                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1792234.674419                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1792234.674419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1792234.674419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1792234.674419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1792234.674419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                 4164                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              148146584                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                 4420                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             33517.326697                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   223.778833                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    32.221167                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.874136                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.125864                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       832070                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        832070                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       699761                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       699761                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1750                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1750                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1686                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1686                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1531831                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total        1531831                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1531831                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total       1531831                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        13178                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        13178                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        13282                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total        13282                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        13282                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total        13282                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   4361944061                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4361944061                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      8666563                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8666563                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   4370610624                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4370610624                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   4370610624                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4370610624                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       845248                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       845248                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       699865                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       699865                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1750                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1750                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1686                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1686                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1545113                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1545113                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1545113                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1545113                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.015591                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015591                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000149                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008596                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008596                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008596                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008596                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 331001.977614                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 331001.977614                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 83332.336538                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83332.336538                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 329062.688149                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 329062.688149                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 329062.688149                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 329062.688149                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          959                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total             959                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         9032                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         9032                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data           86                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           86                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         9118                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         9118                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         9118                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         9118                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         4146                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4146                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         4164                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4164                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         4164                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4164                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1165729536                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1165729536                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      1158008                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1158008                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1166887544                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1166887544                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1166887544                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1166887544                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.004905                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004905                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002695                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002695                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002695                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002695                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 281169.690304                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 281169.690304                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 64333.777778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64333.777778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 280232.359270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 280232.359270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 280232.359270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 280232.359270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              510.478240                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              971661260                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1875793.938224                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    35.478240                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.056856                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.818074                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1210898                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1210898                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1210898                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total        1210898                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1210898                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total       1210898                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    106379689                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    106379689                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    106379689                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    106379689                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    106379689                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    106379689                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1210948                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1210948                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1210948                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total      1210948                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1210948                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total      1210948                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2127593.780000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2127593.780000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2127593.780000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2127593.780000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2127593.780000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2127593.780000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       289948                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       289948                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     94759015                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     94759015                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     94759015                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     94759015                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     94759015                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     94759015                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2203698.023256                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2203698.023256                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2203698.023256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2203698.023256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2203698.023256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2203698.023256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                 4160                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              148145742                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                 4416                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             33547.495924                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   223.801689                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    32.198311                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.874225                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.125775                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       831623                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        831623                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       699368                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       699368                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1750                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1750                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1684                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1684                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1530991                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total        1530991                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1530991                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total       1530991                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        13171                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        13171                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        13275                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total        13275                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        13275                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total        13275                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   4438617543                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4438617543                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      8675131                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8675131                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   4447292674                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4447292674                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   4447292674                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4447292674                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       844794                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       844794                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       699472                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       699472                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1750                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1750                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1684                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1684                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1544266                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1544266                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1544266                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1544266                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.015591                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015591                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000149                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008596                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008596                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008596                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008596                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 336999.281983                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 336999.281983                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 83414.721154                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83414.721154                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 335012.630810                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 335012.630810                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 335012.630810                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 335012.630810                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          958                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total             958                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         9029                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         9029                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data           86                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           86                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         9115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         9115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         9115                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         9115                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         4142                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4142                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         4160                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4160                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         4160                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4160                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1174629860                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1174629860                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      1158915                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1158915                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1175788775                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1175788775                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1175788775                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1175788775                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.004903                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004903                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002694                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002694                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002694                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002694                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 283590.019314                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 283590.019314                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 64384.166667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64384.166667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 282641.532452                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 282641.532452                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 282641.532452                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 282641.532452                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              519.976736                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              977216643                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  528                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1850789.096591                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    29.976736                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.048040                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.833296                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1113128                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1113128                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1113128                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total        1113128                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1113128                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total       1113128                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     79539139                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     79539139                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     79539139                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     79539139                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     79539139                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     79539139                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1113183                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1113183                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1113183                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total      1113183                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1113183                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total      1113183                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000049                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000049                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000049                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000049                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000049                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000049                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1446166.163636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1446166.163636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1446166.163636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1446166.163636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1446166.163636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1446166.163636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     57486076                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     57486076                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     57486076                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     57486076                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     57486076                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     57486076                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1512791.473684                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1512791.473684                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1512791.473684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1512791.473684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1512791.473684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1512791.473684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                 6525                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              162721045                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                 6781                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             23996.614806                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   228.001806                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    27.998194                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.890632                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.109368                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       769918                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        769918                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       636186                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       636186                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1830                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1830                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1486                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1486                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1406104                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total        1406104                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1406104                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total       1406104                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        17120                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        17120                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           93                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           93                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        17213                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total        17213                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        17213                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total        17213                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   7674158835                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7674158835                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     64950578                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     64950578                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   7739109413                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   7739109413                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   7739109413                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   7739109413                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       787038                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       787038                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       636279                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       636279                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1830                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1830                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1486                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1486                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1423317                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1423317                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1423317                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1423317                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.021752                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021752                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000146                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000146                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.012094                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012094                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.012094                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012094                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 448256.941297                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 448256.941297                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 698393.311828                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 698393.311828                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 449608.401383                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 449608.401383                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 449608.401383                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 449608.401383                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          812                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total             812                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        10609                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        10609                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data           79                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           79                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        10688                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        10688                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        10688                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        10688                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         6511                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6511                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         6525                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6525                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         6525                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6525                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2982664638                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2982664638                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      6968253                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6968253                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2989632891                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2989632891                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2989632891                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2989632891                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008273                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008273                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004584                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004584                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004584                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004584                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 458096.242973                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 458096.242973                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 497732.357143                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 497732.357143                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 458181.285977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 458181.285977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 458181.285977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 458181.285977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              513.269595                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              972824485                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1878039.546332                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    31.269595                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.050112                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.822547                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1145144                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1145144                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1145144                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total        1145144                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1145144                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total       1145144                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     99644395                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     99644395                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     99644395                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     99644395                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     99644395                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     99644395                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1145197                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1145197                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1145197                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total      1145197                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1145197                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total      1145197                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1880082.924528                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1880082.924528                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1880082.924528                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1880082.924528                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1880082.924528                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1880082.924528                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     67062929                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     67062929                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     67062929                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     67062929                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     67062929                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     67062929                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1862859.138889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1862859.138889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1862859.138889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1862859.138889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1862859.138889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1862859.138889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                 5194                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              153886426                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                 5450                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             28236.041468                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   227.097097                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    28.902903                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.887098                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.112902                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       806940                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        806940                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       680359                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       680359                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1668                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1668                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1565                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1565                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1487299                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total        1487299                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1487299                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total       1487299                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        18073                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18073                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          516                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          516                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        18589                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total        18589                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        18589                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total        18589                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   7798452399                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7798452399                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    389813619                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    389813619                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   8188266018                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8188266018                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   8188266018                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8188266018                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       825013                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       825013                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       680875                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       680875                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1668                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1668                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1565                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1565                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1505888                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1505888                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1505888                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1505888                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.021906                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021906                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000758                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000758                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.012344                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012344                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.012344                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012344                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 431497.393847                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 431497.393847                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 755452.750000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 755452.750000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 440489.860563                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 440489.860563                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 440489.860563                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 440489.860563                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      1805144                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       451286                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1887                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total            1887                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        12895                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12895                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        13395                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13395                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        13395                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13395                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         5178                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5178                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         5194                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5194                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         5194                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5194                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1780239041                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1780239041                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      2346775                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2346775                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1782585816                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1782585816                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1782585816                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1782585816                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.006276                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006276                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003449                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003449                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003449                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003449                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 343808.235033                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 343808.235033                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 146673.437500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 146673.437500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 343200.965730                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 343200.965730                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 343200.965730                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 343200.965730                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
