
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.001203                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  1203153837                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               449098233477                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 424601                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   553796                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                  38724                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67618472                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 31070.00                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 13192341560                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   17206432248                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data        31488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data        24192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data        16384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data        25088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data        30848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data        16384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data        54656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data        24320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data        16512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data        89344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data        87680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data        23424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data        30208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data        24704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data        30336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data        24576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               604416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         3072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           54272                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       227712                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            227712                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data          246                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data          189                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data          128                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data          196                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data          241                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data          128                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data          427                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data          190                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data          129                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data          698                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           24                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data          685                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data          183                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data          236                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data          193                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data          237                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data          192                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                  4722                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            1779                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 1779                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst      2766064                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     26171217                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst      2872451                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     20107154                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst      2766064                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     13617544                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst      2872451                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     20851864                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst      2766064                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     25639282                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst      2872451                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     13617544                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst      2978838                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     45427275                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst      2872451                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     20213541                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst      2872451                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     13723931                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst      2766064                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     74258168                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst      2553289                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     72875136                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst      2978838                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     19468832                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst      2659677                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     25107346                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst      2872451                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     20532703                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst      2659677                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     25213733                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst      2978838                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     20426316                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               502359699                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst      2766064                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst      2872451                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst      2766064                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst      2872451                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst      2766064                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst      2872451                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst      2978838                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst      2872451                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst      2872451                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst      2766064                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst      2553289                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst      2978838                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst      2659677                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst      2872451                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst      2659677                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst      2978838                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total           45108114                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         189262581                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              189262581                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         189262581                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst      2766064                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     26171217                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst      2872451                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     20107154                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst      2766064                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     13617544                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst      2872451                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     20851864                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst      2766064                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     25639282                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst      2872451                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     13617544                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst      2978838                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     45427275                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst      2872451                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     20213541                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst      2872451                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     13723931                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst      2766064                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     74258168                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst      2553289                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     72875136                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst      2978838                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     19468832                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst      2659677                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     25107346                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst      2872451                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     20532703                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst      2659677                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     25213733                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst      2978838                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     20426316                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              691622280                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles                2885262                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups         221730                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted       196371                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        19191                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       141436                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits         137758                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS          13596                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          626                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2304109                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts              1258481                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches            221730                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches       151354                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles              278466                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles         62871                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles        38368                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines          140666                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes        18624                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples      2664499                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.532597                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.788069                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0        2386033     89.55%     89.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1          41126      1.54%     91.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2          21541      0.81%     91.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3          40438      1.52%     93.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4          13608      0.51%     93.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5          37442      1.41%     95.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6           6018      0.23%     95.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7          10513      0.39%     95.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8         107780      4.05%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total      2664499                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.076849                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.436176                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles        2236556                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles       106738                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles          277735                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles          328                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles        43136                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved        21900                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          423                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts      1414094                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1766                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles        43136                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles        2244162                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles         68950                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles        16417                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles          271540                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        20288                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts      1411019                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents           11                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents         1165                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents        18086                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands      1855898                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups      6403352                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups      6403352                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps      1478061                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps         377814                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts          202                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts          108                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts           37551                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads       248868                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores        42717                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads          243                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores         9412                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded          1401680                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          205                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued         1302021                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1278                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       269065                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       571714                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2664499                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.488655                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.106288                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2092923     78.55%     78.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       188520      7.08%     85.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       180936      6.79%     92.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       110136      4.13%     96.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        58328      2.19%     98.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        15234      0.57%     99.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17604      0.66%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          429      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          389      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2664499                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2333     57.14%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead          975     23.88%     81.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          775     18.98%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1023955     78.64%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        10502      0.81%     79.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           95      0.01%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       225421     17.31%     96.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        42048      3.23%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total      1302021                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.451266                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt              4083                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003136                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5273900                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1670971                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1266922                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses      1306104                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1086                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        53571                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           23                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1831                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles        43136                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles         36040                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2472                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1401890                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           61                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       248868                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        42717                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          107                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents          525                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           33                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           23                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11457                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8866                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts        20323                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1283606                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       221735                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        18413                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs             263762                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches         194477                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores            42027                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.444884                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent              1267582                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count             1266922                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers          765456                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers         1691172                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.439101                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.452619                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000004                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps      1129677                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts       272292                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          197                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts        18880                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2621363                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.430950                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.298491                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2198989     83.89%     83.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       166741      6.36%     90.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       106736      4.07%     94.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        33261      1.27%     95.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        55186      2.11%     97.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        11201      0.43%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7292      0.28%     98.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         6476      0.25%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        35481      1.35%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2621363                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts      1000004                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps      1129677                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs               236183                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads              195297                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars                98                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches           173317                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts          988113                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls        14525                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events        35481                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads            3987838                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes           2847115                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                 51346                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles                220763                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts           1000004                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps             1129677                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total      1000004                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.885250                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.885250                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.346590                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.346590                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads        5955648                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes       1657094                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads       1489969                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes          196                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles                2885262                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups         237022                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted       193853                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        24763                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        96143                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits          90835                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS          24060                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1146                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2272934                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts              1327552                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches            237022                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches       114895                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles              275715                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles         68794                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles        55074                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines          140617                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes        24623                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples      2647465                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616019                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.963043                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0        2371750     89.59%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1          12823      0.48%     90.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2          19936      0.75%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3          26908      1.02%     91.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4          28256      1.07%     92.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5          23988      0.91%     93.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6          12835      0.48%     94.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7          20257      0.77%     95.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8         130712      4.94%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total      2647465                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.082149                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.460115                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles        2249576                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles        78940                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles          275042                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles          394                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles        43507                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved        38902                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          211                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts      1627333                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1282                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles        43507                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles        2256183                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles         16050                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles        48366                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles          268851                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        14503                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts      1625679                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents            4                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents         1859                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents         6429                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands      2269610                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups      7558880                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups      7558880                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps      1934831                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps         334779                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts          393                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts          202                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts           45629                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads       153029                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores        81602                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads          909                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores        27982                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded          1622351                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          395                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued         1530144                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          331                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       198759                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       481281                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            9                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2647465                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577966                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.266864                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1994072     75.32%     75.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       273842     10.34%     85.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       137120      5.18%     90.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        99123      3.74%     94.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        78217      2.95%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        32316      1.22%     98.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        20665      0.78%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        10625      0.40%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1485      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2647465                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           330     12.15%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead          980     36.07%     48.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1407     51.79%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1287298     84.13%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        22761      1.49%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          190      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       138685      9.06%     94.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        81210      5.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total      1530144                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.530331                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2717                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001776                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5710801                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1821522                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1505185                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses      1532861                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3156                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        27299                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            2                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           18                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1599                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles        43507                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles         12693                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1478                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1622751                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            1                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       153029                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        81602                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          202                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1275                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           18                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        13505                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14446                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts        27951                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1507473                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       130342                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        22671                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs             211535                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches         213544                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores            81193                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.522474                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent              1505263                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count             1505185                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers          865078                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers         2330758                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.521681                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.371157                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1127710                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps      1387639                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts       235114                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          386                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts        24849                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2603958                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532896                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371189                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2028629     77.91%     77.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       288147     11.07%     88.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       105927      4.07%     93.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        50591      1.94%     94.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        46637      1.79%     96.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        24854      0.95%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19294      0.74%     98.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9749      0.37%     98.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        30130      1.16%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2603958                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts      1127710                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps      1387639                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs               205733                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads              125730                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars               192                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches           200076                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts         1250258                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls        28572                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events        30130                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads            4196568                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes           3289022                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                 36209                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles                237797                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts           1127710                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps             1387639                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total      1127710                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.558514                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.558514                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.390852                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.390852                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads        6783613                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes       2098624                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads       1507848                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes          386                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles                2885262                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups         260522                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted       217087                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        25469                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       102541                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits          93069                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS          27644                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1184                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2262745                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts              1429971                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches            260522                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches       120713                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles              297095                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles         71796                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles        73001                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines          142118                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes        24263                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples      2678928                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.656557                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.035109                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0        2381833     88.91%     88.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1          17962      0.67%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2          22747      0.85%     90.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3          36275      1.35%     91.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4          14948      0.56%     92.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5          19571      0.73%     93.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6          22604      0.84%     93.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7          10588      0.40%     94.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8         152400      5.69%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total      2678928                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.090294                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.495612                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles        2249239                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles        88069                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles          295561                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles          180                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles        45873                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved        39296                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          215                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts      1747016                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1269                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles        45873                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles        2252099                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles          7582                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles        73676                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles          292841                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles         6852                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts      1735191                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents            7                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents          961                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents         4663                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands      2424539                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups      8065298                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups      8065298                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps      1993930                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps         430601                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts          416                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts          217                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts           25154                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads       164077                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores        83962                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads          957                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores        18955                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded          1691560                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          418                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued         1611037                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2015                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       226771                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       478470                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           17                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2678928                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.601374                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.323507                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1997160     74.55%     74.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       310319     11.58%     86.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       127044      4.74%     90.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        71948      2.69%     93.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        95861      3.58%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        30358      1.13%     98.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        29364      1.10%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        15624      0.58%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1250      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2678928                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         11203     78.74%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1568     11.02%     89.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1456     10.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1357438     84.26%     84.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21786      1.35%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          198      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       148112      9.19%     94.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        83503      5.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total      1611037                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.558368                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt             14227                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008831                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5917243                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1918769                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1567120                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses      1625264                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1272                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        34534                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1689                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles        45873                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles          5754                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles          728                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1691979                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1409                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       164077                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        83962                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          218                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents          628                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        14497                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14596                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts        29093                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1581812                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       145349                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        29224                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs             228818                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches         223049                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores            83469                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.548239                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent              1567155                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count             1567120                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers          938972                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers         2523100                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.543147                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.372150                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1159784                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps      1428923                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts       263073                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          401                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts        25481                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2633055                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.542686                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.361903                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2027584     77.00%     77.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       307266     11.67%     88.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       111409      4.23%     92.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        55295      2.10%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        50659      1.92%     96.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21359      0.81%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        21161      0.80%     98.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10019      0.38%     98.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        28303      1.07%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2633055                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts      1159784                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps      1428923                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs               211816                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads              129543                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars               200                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches           207069                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts         1286514                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls        29481                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events        28303                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads            4296735                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes           3429875                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                 36370                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles                206334                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts           1159784                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps             1428923                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total      1159784                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.487758                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.487758                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.401968                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.401968                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads        7114827                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes       2192397                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads       1613817                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes          400                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles                2885262                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups         236611                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted       193496                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        24833                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        96161                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits          90765                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS          24000                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1146                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2271273                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts              1325195                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches            236611                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches       114765                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles              275231                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles         68939                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles        54590                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines          140567                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes        24695                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples      2644911                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615499                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.962246                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0        2369680     89.59%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1          12839      0.49%     90.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2          19884      0.75%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3          26815      1.01%     91.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4          28204      1.07%     92.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5          23917      0.90%     93.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6          12903      0.49%     94.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7          20283      0.77%     95.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8         130386      4.93%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total      2644911                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.082007                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.459298                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles        2247881                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles        78484                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles          274561                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles          396                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles        43583                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved        38850                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          210                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts      1624419                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1274                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles        43583                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles        2254491                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles         16695                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles        47260                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles          268362                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles        14515                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts      1622751                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents           11                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents         1862                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents         6425                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands      2265168                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups      7545069                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups      7545069                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps      1930933                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps         334235                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts          396                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts          205                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts           45673                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads       152736                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores        81466                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads          908                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores        27901                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded          1619449                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          398                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued         1527374                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          322                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       198477                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       480799                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           12                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2644911                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577477                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.266424                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1992645     75.34%     75.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       273446     10.34%     85.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       136883      5.18%     90.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        98863      3.74%     94.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        78059      2.95%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        32296      1.22%     98.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        20664      0.78%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        10567      0.40%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1488      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2644911                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           327     12.06%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead          977     36.04%     48.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1407     51.90%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1284996     84.13%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        22695      1.49%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          190      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       138419      9.06%     94.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        81074      5.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total      1527374                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.529371                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2711                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001775                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5702692                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1818341                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1502391                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses      1530085                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3084                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        27254                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           18                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1605                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles        43583                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles         13301                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1484                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1619852                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            1                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       152736                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        81466                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          205                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1279                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           18                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        13598                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14423                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts        28021                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1504712                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       130062                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        22662                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs             211118                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches         213141                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores            81056                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.521517                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent              1502468                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count             1502391                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers          863311                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers         2326320                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.520712                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.371106                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1125481                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps      1384890                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts       234975                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          386                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts        24920                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2601328                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532378                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370643                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2027183     77.93%     77.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       287530     11.05%     88.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       105717      4.06%     93.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        50467      1.94%     94.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        46522      1.79%     96.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        24864      0.96%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19255      0.74%     98.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9733      0.37%     98.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        30057      1.16%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2601328                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts      1125481                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps      1384890                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs               205343                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads              125482                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars               192                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches           199670                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts         1247800                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls        28519                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events        30057                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads            4191123                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes           3283322                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                 36268                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles                240351                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts           1125481                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps             1384890                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total      1125481                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.563581                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.563581                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.390079                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.390079                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads        6770956                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes       2094396                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads       1505109                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes          386                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles                2885262                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups         221941                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted       196436                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        19208                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       141545                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits         137915                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS          13663                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          625                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2306288                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts              1258444                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches            221941                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches       151578                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles              278564                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles         62656                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles        39151                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines          140813                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes        18684                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples      2667326                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.531780                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.786398                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0        2388762     89.56%     89.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1          41162      1.54%     91.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2          21670      0.81%     91.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3          40570      1.52%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4          13521      0.51%     93.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5          37472      1.40%     95.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6           6022      0.23%     95.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7          10533      0.39%     95.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8         107614      4.03%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total      2667326                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.076922                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.436163                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles        2237538                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles       108708                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles          277855                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles          318                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles        42901                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved        22054                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          422                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts      1413572                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1755                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles        42901                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles        2245201                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles         70525                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles        16569                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles          271647                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles        20477                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts      1410777                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents           12                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents         1200                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents        18271                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands      1857099                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups      6401443                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups      6401443                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps      1479981                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps         377111                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts          204                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts          110                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts           37457                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads       248263                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores        42682                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads          418                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores         9433                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded          1401618                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          207                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued         1302696                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1240                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       267760                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       566247                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            9                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2667326                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.488390                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.105609                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2095081     78.55%     78.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       189201      7.09%     85.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       180730      6.78%     92.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       110210      4.13%     96.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        58620      2.20%     98.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        15153      0.57%     99.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17534      0.66%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          420      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          377      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2667326                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2390     57.81%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead          969     23.44%     81.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          775     18.75%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1024811     78.67%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        10510      0.81%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           95      0.01%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       225200     17.29%     96.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        42080      3.23%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total      1302696                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.451500                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt              4134                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003173                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5278092                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1669606                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1267748                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses      1306830                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1104                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        52855                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            2                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           23                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1730                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles        42901                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles         36854                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2492                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1401828                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           67                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       248263                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        42682                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          108                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents          489                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           42                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           23                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11520                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8799                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts        20319                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1284311                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       221733                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        18385                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs             263784                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches         194725                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores            42051                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.445128                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent              1268384                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count             1267748                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers          765587                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers         1690451                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.439387                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.452889                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1001089                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps      1131003                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts       270893                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          198                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts        18894                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2624425                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.430953                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.298245                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2201509     83.89%     83.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       166978      6.36%     90.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       106806      4.07%     94.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        33241      1.27%     95.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        55410      2.11%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        11232      0.43%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7292      0.28%     98.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         6518      0.25%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        35439      1.35%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2624425                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts      1001089                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps      1131003                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs               236358                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads              195406                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars                98                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches           173515                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts          989296                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls        14550                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events        35439                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads            3990869                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes           2846735                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                 51323                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles                217936                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts           1001089                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps             1131003                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total      1001089                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.882123                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.882123                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.346966                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.346966                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads        5958592                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes       1658276                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads       1490039                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes          198                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles                2885262                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups         260780                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted       217245                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        25411                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       102592                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits          93131                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS          27697                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1187                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2263446                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts              1432194                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches            260780                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches       120828                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles              297450                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles         71641                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles        73129                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines          142112                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes        24203                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples      2680019                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.657422                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.036460                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0        2382569     88.90%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1          17945      0.67%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2          22618      0.84%     90.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3          36330      1.36%     91.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4          14972      0.56%     92.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5          19581      0.73%     93.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6          22729      0.85%     93.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7          10634      0.40%     94.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8         152641      5.70%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total      2680019                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.090383                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.496383                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles        2249908                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles        88229                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles          295914                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles          183                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles        45779                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved        39398                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          216                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts      1750015                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1278                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles        45779                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles        2252755                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles          7528                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles        73894                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles          293208                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles         6850                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts      1738216                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents            7                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents          963                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents         4658                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands      2428515                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups      8079991                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups      8079991                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps      1997539                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps         430970                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts          415                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts          216                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts           25228                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads       164478                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores        84106                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads          988                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores        19032                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded          1694348                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          417                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued         1613627                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1980                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       226847                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       479896                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           16                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2680019                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.602095                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.324066                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1997297     74.53%     74.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       310665     11.59%     86.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       126966      4.74%     90.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        72257      2.70%     93.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        96253      3.59%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        30416      1.13%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        29240      1.09%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        15673      0.58%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1252      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2680019                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         11206     78.77%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1572     11.05%     89.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1448     10.18%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1359632     84.26%     84.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21821      1.35%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          198      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       148328      9.19%     94.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        83648      5.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total      1613627                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.559265                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt             14226                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008816                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5923479                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1921631                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1569811                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses      1627853                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1286                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        34720                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           20                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1715                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles        45779                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles          5685                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles          726                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1694766                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1416                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       164478                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        84106                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          217                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents          629                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           20                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        14370                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14659                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts        29029                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1584583                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       145605                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        29044                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs             229217                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches         223417                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores            83612                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.549199                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent              1569848                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count             1569811                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers          940801                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers         2529397                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.544079                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.371947                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1161845                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps      1431438                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts       263343                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          401                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts        25418                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2634240                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.543397                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.362953                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2027900     76.98%     76.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       307643     11.68%     88.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       111597      4.24%     92.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        55252      2.10%     94.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        50850      1.93%     96.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21372      0.81%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        21197      0.80%     98.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10029      0.38%     98.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        28400      1.08%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2634240                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts      1161845                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps      1431438                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs               212145                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads              129754                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars               200                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches           207448                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts         1288752                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls        29527                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events        28400                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads            4300608                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes           3435353                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                 36312                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles                205243                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts           1161845                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps             1431438                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total      1161845                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.483345                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.483345                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.402683                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.402683                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads        7127458                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes       2196082                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads       1616297                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes          400                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles                2885262                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups         224529                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted       202306                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        13573                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        86525                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits          78140                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS          12252                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          626                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2364868                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts              1408554                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches            224529                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches        90392                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles              277638                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles         43222                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles        57437                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines          137497                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes        13427                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples      2729266                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.606066                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.937452                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0        2451628     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1           9589      0.35%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2          20201      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3           8348      0.31%     91.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4          45566      1.67%     92.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5          40909      1.50%     94.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6           7722      0.28%     94.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7          16486      0.60%     95.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8         128817      4.72%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total      2729266                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.077819                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.488189                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles        2351045                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles        71730                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles          276448                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles          935                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles        29099                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved        19741                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          226                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts      1650601                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1364                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles        29099                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles        2354036                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles         49461                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles        14116                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles          274511                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles         8034                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts      1648364                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents            9                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents         3105                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents         3152                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents          123                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands      1941132                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups      7758646                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups      7758646                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps      1683272                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps         257848                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts          200                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts          107                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts           21948                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads       387094                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores       194456                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1801                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores         9402                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded          1642946                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          202                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued         1568111                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          955                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       149014                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       361245                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           13                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2729266                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.574554                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.371765                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2171632     79.57%     79.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       167469      6.14%     85.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       137080      5.02%     90.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        58973      2.16%     92.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        74894      2.74%     95.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        72620      2.66%     98.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        41280      1.51%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3337      0.12%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1981      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2729266                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3916     11.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead        30794     86.47%     97.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          902      2.53%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       985564     62.85%     62.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        13583      0.87%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           92      0.01%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       375141     23.92%     87.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       193731     12.35%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total      1568111                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.543490                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt             35612                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022710                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5902055                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1792222                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1552659                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses      1603723                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2806                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        18881                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           61                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1988                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          137                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles        29099                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles         45107                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2066                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1643153                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           54                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       387094                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       194456                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          108                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1381                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           10                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           61                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         7131                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8506                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts        15637                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1555665                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       373715                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        12446                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs             567407                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches         203592                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores           193692                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.539176                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent              1552793                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count             1552659                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers          839253                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers         1654615                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.538134                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.507220                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1251223                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps      1470192                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts       173151                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          189                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts        13633                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2700167                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.544482                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.366580                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2166510     80.24%     80.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       194982      7.22%     87.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        91255      3.38%     90.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        90488      3.35%     94.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        24283      0.90%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       105206      3.90%     98.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7896      0.29%     99.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5678      0.21%     99.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        13869      0.51%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2700167                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts      1251223                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps      1470192                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs               560674                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads              368206                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars                94                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches           194149                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts         1307233                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls        14188                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events        13869                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads            4329628                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes           3315810                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                 53541                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles                155996                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts           1251223                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps             1470192                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total      1251223                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.305953                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.305953                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.433660                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.433660                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads        7686298                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes       1806041                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads       1958974                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes          188                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles                2885262                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups         236669                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted       193562                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        24768                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        96282                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits          90766                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS          24026                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1139                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2271279                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts              1325727                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches            236669                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches       114792                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles              275341                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles         68756                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles        54910                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines          140531                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes        24628                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples      2645229                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615689                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.962567                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0        2369888     89.59%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1          12791      0.48%     90.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2          19951      0.75%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3          26872      1.02%     91.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4          28207      1.07%     92.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5          23906      0.90%     93.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6          12837      0.49%     94.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7          20266      0.77%     95.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8         130511      4.93%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total      2645229                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.082027                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.459482                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles        2247918                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles        78775                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles          274678                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles          388                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles        43464                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved        38840                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          212                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts      1625103                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1282                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles        43464                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles        2254511                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles         16396                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles        47911                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles          268493                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles        14449                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts      1623409                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents           12                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents         1834                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents         6413                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands      2266363                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups      7548447                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups      7548447                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps      1932500                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps         333861                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts          395                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts          204                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts           45496                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads       152819                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores        81533                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads          886                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores        27940                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded          1620128                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          398                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued         1528242                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          320                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       198201                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       480269                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           12                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2645229                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577735                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.266592                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1992525     75.33%     75.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       273718     10.35%     85.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       136879      5.17%     90.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        98976      3.74%     94.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        78096      2.95%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        32304      1.22%     98.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        20657      0.78%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        10600      0.40%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1474      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2645229                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           329     12.13%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead          977     36.03%     48.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1406     51.84%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1285627     84.12%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        22715      1.49%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          190      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       138577      9.07%     94.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        81133      5.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total      1528242                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.529672                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2712                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001775                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5704745                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1818744                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1503240                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses      1530954                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3110                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        27223                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           18                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1607                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles        43464                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles         13002                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1476                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1620531                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            1                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       152819                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        81533                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          205                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1274                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           18                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        13545                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14405                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts        27950                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1505559                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       130186                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        22683                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs             211302                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches         213267                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores            81116                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.521810                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent              1503317                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count             1503240                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers          863916                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers         2327579                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.521006                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.371165                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1126383                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps      1386019                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts       234526                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          386                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts        24854                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2601765                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532723                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371035                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2027125     77.91%     77.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       287810     11.06%     88.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       105825      4.07%     93.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        50455      1.94%     94.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        46589      1.79%     96.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        24840      0.95%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19286      0.74%     98.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9758      0.38%     98.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        30077      1.16%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2601765                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts      1126383                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps      1386019                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs               205522                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads              125596                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars               192                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches           199841                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts         1248805                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls        28540                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events        30077                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads            4192220                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes           3284564                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                 36208                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles                240033                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts           1126383                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps             1386019                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total      1126383                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.561528                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.561528                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.390392                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.390392                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads        6774820                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes       2095791                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads       1505797                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes          386                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles                2885262                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups         260339                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted       216835                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        25381                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       102527                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits          93226                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS          27726                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1184                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2263087                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts              1429853                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches            260339                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches       120952                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles              297202                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles         71461                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles        73463                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines          142036                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes        24163                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples      2679596                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.656571                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.034979                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0        2382394     88.91%     88.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1          17926      0.67%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2          22759      0.85%     90.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3          36352      1.36%     91.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4          14969      0.56%     92.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5          19525      0.73%     93.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6          22687      0.85%     93.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7          10650      0.40%     94.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8         152334      5.68%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total      2679596                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.090231                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.495571                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles        2249629                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles        88493                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles          295652                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles          187                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles        45629                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved        39364                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          216                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts      1747374                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1278                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles        45629                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles        2252462                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles          7553                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles        74143                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles          292967                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles         6837                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts      1735568                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents            6                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents          972                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents         4658                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands      2424758                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups      8068812                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups      8068812                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps      1996548                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps         428210                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts          415                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts          216                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts           24885                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads       164342                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores        84077                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads          991                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores        19014                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded          1692477                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          417                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued         1611955                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1936                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       225963                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       479325                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           16                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2679596                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.601566                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.323169                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1997282     74.54%     74.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       310488     11.59%     86.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       127028      4.74%     90.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        72348      2.70%     93.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        96012      3.58%     97.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        30442      1.14%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        29119      1.09%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        15621      0.58%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1256      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2679596                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         11196     78.77%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1565     11.01%     89.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1453     10.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1358042     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21802      1.35%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          198      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       148307      9.20%     94.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        83606      5.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total      1611955                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.558686                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt             14214                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008818                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5919656                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1918877                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1568348                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses      1626169                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1296                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        34643                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1717                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles        45629                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles          5705                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles          724                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1692895                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1374                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       164342                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        84077                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          217                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents          626                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        14467                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14481                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts        28948                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1583127                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       145581                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        28828                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs             229151                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches         223249                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores            83570                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.548694                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent              1568389                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count             1568348                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers          939795                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers         2527385                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.543572                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.371845                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1161284                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps      1430757                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts       262159                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          401                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts        25388                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2633967                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.543195                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.362542                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2027871     76.99%     76.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       307406     11.67%     88.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       111660      4.24%     92.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        55310      2.10%     95.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        50808      1.93%     96.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21357      0.81%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        21163      0.80%     98.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10030      0.38%     98.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        28362      1.08%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2633967                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts      1161284                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps      1430757                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs               212059                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads              129699                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars               200                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches           207346                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts         1288146                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls        29514                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events        28362                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads            4298508                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes           3431467                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                 36296                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles                205666                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts           1161284                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps             1430757                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total      1161284                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.484545                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.484545                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.402488                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.402488                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads        7120991                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes       2193809                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads       1613894                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes          400                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles                2885262                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups         224338                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted       182894                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        23377                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        91542                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits          85761                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS          22227                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1011                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2170332                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts              1326179                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches            224338                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches       107988                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles              272124                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles         73238                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles        73940                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines          135271                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes        23432                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples      2565390                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.627968                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.994441                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0        2293266     89.39%     89.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1          14452      0.56%     89.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2          22951      0.89%     90.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3          34214      1.33%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4          14554      0.57%     92.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5          16855      0.66%     93.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6          17440      0.68%     94.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7          12409      0.48%     94.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8         139249      5.43%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total      2565390                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.077753                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.459639                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles        2142103                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles       102977                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles          270078                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles         1623                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles        48606                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved        36434                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          389                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts      1606281                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1360                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles        48606                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles        2147741                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles         49048                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles        36470                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles          266199                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles        17323                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts      1602737                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents          962                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents         3275                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents         8581                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1453                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands      2192431                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups      7471115                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups      7471115                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps      1809777                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps         382648                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts          351                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts          186                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts           49618                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads       161967                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores        89711                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads         4704                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores        18725                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded          1597238                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          352                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued         1490739                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2253                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       244100                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       565982                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           19                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2565390                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581096                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.264655                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1929649     75.22%     75.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       257864     10.05%     85.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       142842      5.57%     90.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        93676      3.65%     94.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        85487      3.33%     97.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        26148      1.02%     98.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        18919      0.74%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6479      0.25%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4326      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2565390                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           397     10.55%     10.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1626     43.22%     53.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1739     46.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1227457     82.34%     82.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        27428      1.84%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          165      0.01%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       147621      9.90%     94.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        88068      5.91%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total      1490739                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.516674                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3762                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002524                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5552883                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1841765                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1463503                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses      1494501                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         7018                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        33581                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           14                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           77                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         5731                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1174                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles        48606                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles         35037                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2125                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1597595                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          643                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       161967                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        89711                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          186                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1230                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           42                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           77                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12585                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14447                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts        27032                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1469134                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       139848                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        21605                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs             227751                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches         199658                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores            87903                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.509186                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent              1463652                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count             1463503                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers          865692                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers         2196822                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.507234                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.394066                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1084882                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps      1322963                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts       275664                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          333                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts        23797                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2516784                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525656                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.376668                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1980677     78.70%     78.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       255457     10.15%     88.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       105762      4.20%     93.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        54496      2.17%     95.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        40337      1.60%     96.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        23100      0.92%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        14099      0.56%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        11796      0.47%     98.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        31060      1.23%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2516784                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts      1084882                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps      1322963                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs               212362                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads              128382                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars               166                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches           184046                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts         1195726                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls        25794                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events        31060                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads            4084338                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes           3245877                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                 38639                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles                319872                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts           1084882                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps             1322963                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total      1084882                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.659517                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.659517                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.376008                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.376008                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads        6667351                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes       1999305                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads       1523234                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes          332                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles                2885262                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups         223871                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted       182481                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        23458                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        91580                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits          85789                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS          22316                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1016                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2173359                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts              1323530                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches            223871                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches       108105                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles              271817                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles         73438                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles        76168                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines          135419                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes        23479                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples      2570448                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.625570                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.990642                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0        2298631     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1          14458      0.56%     89.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2          23211      0.90%     90.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3          34016      1.32%     92.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4          14379      0.56%     92.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5          16969      0.66%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6          17650      0.69%     94.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7          12267      0.48%     94.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8         138867      5.40%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total      2570448                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.077591                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.458721                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles        2145190                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles       105139                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles          269751                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles         1647                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles        48718                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved        36321                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          388                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts      1603362                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1346                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles        48718                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles        2150814                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles         49793                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles        37900                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles          265913                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles        17307                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts      1599710                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents          800                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents         3289                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents         8821                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1296                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands      2188645                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups      7458079                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups      7458079                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps      1808256                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps         380382                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts          408                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts          243                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts           49896                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads       162002                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores        89605                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads         4637                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores        18684                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded          1594346                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          410                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued         1488670                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2319                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       243047                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       562412                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           76                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2570448                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579148                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.262314                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1934669     75.27%     75.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       258736     10.07%     85.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       142517      5.54%     90.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        93709      3.65%     94.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        85064      3.31%     97.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        26051      1.01%     98.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        18951      0.74%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6452      0.25%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4299      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2570448                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           391     10.49%     10.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1607     43.12%     53.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1729     46.39%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1225485     82.32%     82.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        27419      1.84%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          165      0.01%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       147771      9.93%     94.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        87830      5.90%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total      1488670                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.515957                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3727                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002504                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5553834                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1837879                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1461548                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses      1492397                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         6948                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        33723                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           78                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         5687                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1155                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles        48718                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles         35561                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2137                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1594760                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          474                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       162002                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        89605                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          243                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1207                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           51                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           78                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12831                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14341                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts        27172                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1467190                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       140000                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        21480                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs             227670                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches         199463                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores            87670                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.508512                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent              1461724                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count             1461548                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers          864526                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers         2191748                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.506556                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.394446                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1083995                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps      1321859                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts       274036                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          334                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts        23889                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2521730                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524187                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373990                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1985602     78.74%     78.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       255374     10.13%     88.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       106179      4.21%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        54257      2.15%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        40485      1.61%     96.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        23123      0.92%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        14024      0.56%     98.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        11831      0.47%     98.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        30855      1.22%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2521730                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts      1083995                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps      1321859                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs               212194                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads              128276                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars               166                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches           183897                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts         1194724                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls        25770                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events        30855                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads            4086757                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes           3240525                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                 38771                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles                314814                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts           1083995                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps             1321859                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total      1083995                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.661693                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.661693                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.375701                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.375701                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads        6659741                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes       1996599                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads       1520539                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes          334                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles                2885262                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups         236774                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted       193655                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        24865                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        96450                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits          90800                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS          24019                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1135                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2272473                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts              1326190                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches            236774                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches       114819                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles              275381                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles         69018                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles        54447                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines          140645                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes        24714                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples      2646166                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615647                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.962483                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0        2370785     89.59%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1          12750      0.48%     90.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2          19932      0.75%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3          26873      1.02%     91.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4          28205      1.07%     92.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5          24000      0.91%     93.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6          12816      0.48%     94.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7          20285      0.77%     95.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8         130520      4.93%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total      2646166                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.082063                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.459643                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles        2249115                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles        78326                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles          274702                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles          389                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles        43628                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved        38838                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          214                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts      1625448                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1284                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles        43628                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles        2255723                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles         16444                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles        47346                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles          268497                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles        14523                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts      1623767                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents            6                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents         1877                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents         6425                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands      2266785                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups      7549682                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups      7549682                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps      1931358                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps         335424                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts          404                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts          212                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts           45468                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads       152873                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores        81487                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads          911                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores        27887                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded          1620515                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          406                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued         1528061                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          320                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       199082                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       482636                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           20                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2646166                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577462                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.266276                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1993464     75.33%     75.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       273685     10.34%     85.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       137019      5.18%     90.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        98958      3.74%     94.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        78002      2.95%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        32357      1.22%     98.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        20569      0.78%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        10639      0.40%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1473      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2646166                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           322     11.89%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead          982     36.25%     48.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1405     51.86%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1285469     84.12%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        22737      1.49%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          190      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       138587      9.07%     94.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        81078      5.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total      1528061                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.529609                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2709                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001773                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5705317                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1820019                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1503127                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses      1530770                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3103                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        27352                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           17                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1602                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles        43628                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles         13096                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1454                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1620928                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            5                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       152873                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        81487                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          213                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1251                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           17                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        13591                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14482                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts        28073                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1505473                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       130254                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        22588                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs             211312                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches         213267                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores            81058                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.521780                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent              1503208                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count             1503127                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers          863794                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers         2326931                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.520967                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.371216                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1125727                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps      1385208                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts       235723                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          386                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts        24950                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2602538                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532253                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370353                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2028154     77.93%     77.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       287704     11.05%     88.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       105727      4.06%     93.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        50540      1.94%     94.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        46502      1.79%     96.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        24849      0.95%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19293      0.74%     98.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9733      0.37%     98.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        30036      1.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2602538                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts      1125727                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps      1385208                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs               205404                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads              125519                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars               192                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches           199710                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts         1248093                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls        28527                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events        30036                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads            4193420                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes           3285502                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                 36323                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles                239096                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts           1125727                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps             1385208                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total      1125727                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.563021                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.563021                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.390165                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.390165                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads        6774474                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes       2095634                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads       1506263                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes          386                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles                2885262                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups         221968                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted       196587                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        19243                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       141983                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits         137997                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS          13604                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          614                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2305560                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts              1258714                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches            221968                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches       151601                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles              278706                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles         62793                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles        37952                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines          140810                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes        18693                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples      2665646                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.532380                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.787634                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0        2386940     89.54%     89.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1          41331      1.55%     91.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2          21695      0.81%     91.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3          40512      1.52%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4          13414      0.50%     93.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5          37426      1.40%     95.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6           5963      0.22%     95.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7          10605      0.40%     95.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8         107760      4.04%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total      2665646                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.076932                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.436256                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles        2234192                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles       110132                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles          277991                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles          322                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles        43003                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved        21986                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          426                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts      1414233                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1770                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles        43003                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles        2242144                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles         72373                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles        15435                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles          271626                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles        21059                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts      1411436                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents            8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents         1151                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents        18934                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands      1857048                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups      6404898                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups      6404898                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps      1479879                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps         377164                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts          200                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts          106                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts           38351                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads       248783                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores        42619                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads          260                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores         9407                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded          1401890                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          203                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued         1302742                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1284                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       268126                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       568324                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            6                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2665646                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.488715                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.106213                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2093387     78.53%     78.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       189515      7.11%     85.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       180418      6.77%     92.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       110128      4.13%     96.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        58513      2.20%     98.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        15346      0.58%     99.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17525      0.66%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          437      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          377      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2665646                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2400     57.83%     57.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead          973     23.45%     81.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          777     18.72%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1024750     78.66%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        10518      0.81%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           95      0.01%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       225370     17.30%     96.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        42009      3.22%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total      1302742                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.451516                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt              4150                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003186                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5276564                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1670240                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1267595                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses      1306892                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1038                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        53382                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            3                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           22                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1672                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles        43003                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles         37174                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2622                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1402098                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           64                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       248783                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        42619                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          105                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents          520                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           28                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           22                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11474                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8815                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts        20289                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1284103                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       221664                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        18639                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs             263651                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches         194579                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores            41987                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.445056                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent              1268178                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count             1267595                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers          765833                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers         1691590                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.439334                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.452730                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1001033                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps      1130931                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts       271229                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          197                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts        18925                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2622643                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.431218                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.298681                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2199741     83.87%     83.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       166990      6.37%     90.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       106817      4.07%     94.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        33255      1.27%     95.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        55358      2.11%     97.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        11262      0.43%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7221      0.28%     98.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         6518      0.25%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        35481      1.35%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2622643                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts      1001033                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps      1130931                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs               236345                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads              195398                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars                98                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches           173507                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts          989228                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls        14548                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events        35481                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads            3989309                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes           2847361                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                 51320                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles                219616                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts           1001033                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps             1130931                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total      1001033                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.882285                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.882285                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.346947                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.346947                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads        5957810                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes       1658113                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads       1490220                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes          196                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles                2885262                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups         236681                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted       193544                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        24763                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        96171                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits          90723                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS          24021                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1144                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2271018                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts              1325465                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches            236681                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches       114744                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles              275286                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles         68687                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles        55419                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines          140489                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes        24622                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples      2645358                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615487                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.962217                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0        2370072     89.59%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1          12819      0.48%     90.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2          19911      0.75%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3          26843      1.01%     91.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4          28230      1.07%     92.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5          23967      0.91%     93.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6          12827      0.48%     94.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7          20216      0.76%     95.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8         130473      4.93%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total      2645358                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.082031                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.459392                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles        2247666                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles        79274                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles          274616                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles          396                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles        43400                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved        38871                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          212                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts      1624660                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1282                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles        43400                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles        2254269                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles         16455                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles        48283                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles          268428                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles        14518                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts      1623025                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents            7                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents         1873                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents         6423                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands      2265704                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups      7546404                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups      7546404                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps      1932257                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps         333429                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts          390                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts          199                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts           45590                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads       152717                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores        81499                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads          912                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores        27916                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded          1619760                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          392                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued         1528071                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          320                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       197777                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       478710                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            7                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2645358                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577642                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.266493                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1992772     75.33%     75.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       273552     10.34%     85.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       136995      5.18%     90.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        98910      3.74%     94.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        78107      2.95%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        32291      1.22%     98.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        20666      0.78%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        10600      0.40%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1465      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2645358                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           327     12.06%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead          977     36.03%     48.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1408     51.92%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1285549     84.13%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        22722      1.49%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          190      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       138486      9.06%     94.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        81124      5.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total      1528071                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.529613                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2712                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001775                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5704532                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1817946                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1503130                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses      1530783                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3170                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        27133                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           18                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1581                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles        43400                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles         13027                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1493                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1620157                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            1                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       152717                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        81499                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          200                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1288                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           18                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        13514                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14440                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts        27954                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1505430                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       130159                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        22641                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs             211264                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches         213288                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores            81105                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.521765                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent              1503211                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count             1503130                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers          863760                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers         2327406                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.520968                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.371126                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1126240                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps      1385852                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts       234305                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          385                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts        24849                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2601958                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532619                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370999                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2027438     77.92%     77.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       287738     11.06%     88.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       105753      4.06%     93.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        50498      1.94%     94.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        46587      1.79%     96.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        24850      0.96%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19260      0.74%     98.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9716      0.37%     98.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        30118      1.16%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2601958                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts      1126240                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps      1385852                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs               205502                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads              125584                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars               192                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches           199814                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts         1248658                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls        28537                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events        30118                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads            4191984                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes           3283735                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                 36242                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles                239904                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts           1126240                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps             1385852                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total      1126240                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.561854                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.561854                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.390342                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.390342                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads        6774325                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes       2095488                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads       1505518                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes          384                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles                2885262                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups         221399                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted       196165                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        19198                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       141876                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits         138019                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS          13679                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          647                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2306186                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts              1256838                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches            221399                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches       151698                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles              278287                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles         62559                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles        38186                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines          140786                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes        18638                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples      2665897                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.531471                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.785559                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0        2387610     89.56%     89.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1          41056      1.54%     91.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2          21620      0.81%     91.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3          40469      1.52%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4          13702      0.51%     93.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5          37490      1.41%     95.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6           6075      0.23%     95.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7          10564      0.40%     95.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8         107311      4.03%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total      2665897                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.076734                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.435606                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles        2237383                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles       107801                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles          277561                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles          328                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles        42818                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved        21874                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          420                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts      1411979                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1744                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles        42818                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles        2245073                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles         70907                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles        15178                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles          271352                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles        20563                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts      1409152                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents           15                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents         1210                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents        18346                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands      1854145                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups      6395207                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups      6395207                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps      1479343                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps         374775                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts          204                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts          110                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts           37566                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads       248705                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores        42503                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads          255                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores         9379                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded          1400472                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          208                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued         1302222                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1196                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       267040                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       564786                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           10                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2665897                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.488474                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.105717                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2093916     78.54%     78.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       189046      7.09%     85.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       180674      6.78%     92.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       110264      4.14%     96.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        58443      2.19%     98.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        15192      0.57%     99.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17579      0.66%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          434      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          349      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2665897                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2354     57.54%     57.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead          963     23.54%     81.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          774     18.92%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1024314     78.66%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        10503      0.81%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           95      0.01%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       225346     17.30%     96.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        41964      3.22%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total      1302222                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.451336                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt              4091                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003142                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5275624                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1667740                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1267246                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses      1306313                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1109                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        53332                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            6                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           22                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1568                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles        42818                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles         37187                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2515                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1400688                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           70                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       248705                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        42503                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          109                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents          502                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           31                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           22                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11582                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8702                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts        20284                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1283895                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       221718                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        18323                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                   8                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs             263660                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches         194485                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores            41942                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.444984                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent              1267789                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count             1267246                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers          765803                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers         1692491                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.439213                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.452471                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000734                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps      1130571                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts       270158                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          198                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts        18885                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2623079                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.431009                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.298455                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2200399     83.89%     83.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       166764      6.36%     90.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       106890      4.07%     94.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        33245      1.27%     95.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        55288      2.11%     97.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        11263      0.43%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7274      0.28%     98.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         6467      0.25%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        35489      1.35%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2623079                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts      1000734                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps      1130571                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs               236305                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads              195370                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars                98                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches           173446                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts          988916                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls        14543                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events        35489                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads            3988306                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes           2844332                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                 51416                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles                219365                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts           1000734                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps             1130571                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total      1000734                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.883146                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.883146                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.346843                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.346843                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads        5957070                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes       1657615                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads       1488238                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes          198                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles                2885262                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups         236479                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted       193405                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        24846                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        96274                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits          90679                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS          23989                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1139                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2271114                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts              1324559                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches            236479                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches       114668                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles              275101                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles         68893                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles        54103                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines          140547                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes        24694                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples      2644077                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615403                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.962130                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0        2368976     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1          12807      0.48%     90.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2          19896      0.75%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3          26838      1.02%     91.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4          28187      1.07%     92.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5          23940      0.91%     93.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6          12789      0.48%     94.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7          20274      0.77%     95.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8         130370      4.93%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total      2644077                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.081961                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.459078                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles        2247809                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles        77928                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles          274418                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles          394                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles        43522                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved        38797                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          214                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts      1623542                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1284                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles        43522                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles        2254395                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles         16096                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles        47359                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles          268240                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles        14460                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts      1621836                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents           10                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents         1856                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents         6397                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands      2264181                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups      7540861                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups      7540861                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps      1929955                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps         334216                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts          400                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts          209                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts           45401                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads       152714                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores        81395                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads          896                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores        27848                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded          1618514                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          403                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued         1526381                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          326                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       198231                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       481027                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           17                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2644077                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577283                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.266027                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1992045     75.34%     75.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       273418     10.34%     85.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       136889      5.18%     90.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        98840      3.74%     94.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        77941      2.95%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        32289      1.22%     98.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        20585      0.78%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        10614      0.40%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1456      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2644077                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           325     11.97%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead          982     36.18%     48.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1407     51.84%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1284087     84.13%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        22720      1.49%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          189      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       138414      9.07%     94.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        80971      5.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total      1526381                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.529027                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2714                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001778                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5699879                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1817164                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1501495                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses      1529095                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3045                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        27300                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           17                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1583                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles        43522                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles         12707                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1480                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1618924                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            5                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       152714                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        81395                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          210                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1279                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           17                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        13558                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14462                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts        28020                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1503836                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       130113                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        22545                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs             211063                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches         213047                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores            80950                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.521213                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent              1501577                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count             1501495                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers          862847                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers         2324285                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.520402                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.371231                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1124878                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps      1384158                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts       234765                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          386                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts        24931                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2600555                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532255                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370416                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2026628     77.93%     77.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       287480     11.05%     88.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       105669      4.06%     93.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        50422      1.94%     94.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        46486      1.79%     96.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        24867      0.96%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19253      0.74%     98.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9723      0.37%     98.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        30027      1.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2600555                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts      1124878                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps      1384158                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs               205224                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads              125412                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars               192                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches           199556                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts         1247152                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls        28507                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events        30027                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads            4189438                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes           3281384                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                 36305                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles                241185                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts           1124878                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps             1384158                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total      1124878                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.564955                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.564955                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.389870                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.389870                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads        6767217                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes       2093435                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads       1504414                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes          386                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                           4719                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32745.661521                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                           818577                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                          37462                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                          21.850862                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          1216.492815                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    15.457089                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   127.282629                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    15.979783                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data    96.633766                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    18.175384                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data    65.835779                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    15.972837                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data    99.114326                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    15.842548                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   125.520495                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    18.673366                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data    65.580250                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    26.791626                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   215.466808                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    15.968344                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data    97.487825                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    18.667648                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data    66.966516                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    24.924780                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   304.988460                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    23.036698                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   300.990179                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    16.144657                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data    94.161841                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    15.669945                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   121.156879                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    15.968605                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data    98.030999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    15.526883                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   122.213318                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    16.135991                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   100.496444                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data          2078.100050                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data          1441.173077                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data          1176.799161                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data          1451.166268                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data          2121.132288                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data          1167.432376                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data          2329.978645                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data          1448.534982                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data          1142.391729                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data          3068.399414                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data          3096.246957                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data          1455.272053                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data          2112.819229                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data          1447.658565                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data          2149.239616                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data          1451.961599                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.037124                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000472                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.003884                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.002949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000555                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.002009                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000487                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.003025                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000483                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.003831                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000570                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.002001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000818                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.006576                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000487                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.002975                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000570                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.002044                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000761                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.009308                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000703                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.009185                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000493                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.002874                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000478                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.003697                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000487                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.002992                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000474                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.003730                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000492                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.003067                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.063419                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.043981                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.035913                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.044286                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.064732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.035627                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.071105                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.044206                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.034863                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.093640                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.094490                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.044411                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.064478                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.044179                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.065590                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.044310                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999318                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          390                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          304                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          317                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          297                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          401                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          317                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          525                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          303                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          316                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          596                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          600                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          308                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          405                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          300                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          406                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          299                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                    6107                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             2654                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  2654                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    48                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data          393                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data          307                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data          320                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data          300                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data          404                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data          320                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data          528                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data          306                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data          319                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data          599                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data          603                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data          311                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data          408                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data          303                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data          409                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data          302                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     6155                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data          393                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data          307                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data          320                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data          300                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data          404                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data          320                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data          528                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data          306                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data          319                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data          599                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data          603                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data          311                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data          408                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data          303                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data          409                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data          302                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    6155                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          246                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          189                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          128                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          196                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          241                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          128                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          427                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          190                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          129                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          623                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          605                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          183                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          236                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          193                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          237                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          192                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                  4567                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           75                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           80                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 155                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data          246                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data          189                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data          128                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data          196                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data          241                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data          128                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data          427                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data          190                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data          129                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data          698                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data          685                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data          183                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data          236                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data          193                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data          237                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data          192                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   4722                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data          246                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data          189                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data          128                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data          196                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data          241                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data          128                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data          427                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data          190                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data          129                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data          698                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           24                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data          685                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data          183                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           25                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data          236                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data          193                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           25                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data          237                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data          192                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  4722                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4066132                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     37362347                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4399606                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     28723478                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4073147                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     19311631                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4412890                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     29696214                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3931224                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     36251648                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4084906                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     19169827                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4010713                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     64575470                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4495502                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     29163415                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4245438                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     19348776                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3845304                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     94188455                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3541435                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     91101843                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4548955                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     27794283                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3746611                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     35918003                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4477397                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     29227142                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3829655                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     35976668                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4350618                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     28904098                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       692772831                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     11086286                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     11881943                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      22968229                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4066132                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     37362347                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4399606                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     28723478                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4073147                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     19311631                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4412890                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     29696214                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3931224                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     36251648                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4084906                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     19169827                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4010713                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     64575470                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4495502                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     29163415                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4245438                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     19348776                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3845304                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    105274741                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3541435                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    102983786                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4548955                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     27794283                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3746611                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     35918003                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4477397                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     29227142                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3829655                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     35976668                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4350618                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     28904098                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        715741060                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4066132                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     37362347                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4399606                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     28723478                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4073147                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     19311631                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4412890                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     29696214                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3931224                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     36251648                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4084906                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     19169827                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4010713                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     64575470                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4495502                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     29163415                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4245438                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     19348776                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3845304                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    105274741                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3541435                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    102983786                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4548955                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     27794283                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3746611                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     35918003                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4477397                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     29227142                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3829655                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     35976668                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4350618                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     28904098                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       715741060                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          636                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          493                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          445                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          493                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          642                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          445                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          952                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          493                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          445                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1219                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         1205                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          491                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          641                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          493                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          643                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          491                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               10674                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         2654                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              2654                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           78                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           83                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               203                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          639                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          496                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          448                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          496                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          645                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          448                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          955                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          496                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          448                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1297                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         1288                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          494                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          644                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          496                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          646                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          494                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                10877                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          639                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          496                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          448                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          496                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          645                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          448                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          955                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          496                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          448                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1297                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           25                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         1288                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          494                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          644                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          496                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          646                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          494                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               10877                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.386792                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.383367                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.287640                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.397566                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.375389                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.287640                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.448529                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.385396                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.289888                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.511075                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.502075                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.372709                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.368175                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.391481                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.368585                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.391039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.427862                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.961538                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.963855                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.763547                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.384977                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.381048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.285714                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.395161                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.373643                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.285714                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.447120                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.383065                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.287946                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.538165                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.531832                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.370445                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.366460                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.389113                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.366873                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.388664                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.434127                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.384977                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.381048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.285714                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.395161                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.373643                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.285714                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.447120                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.383065                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.287946                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.538165                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.531832                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.370445                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.366460                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.389113                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.366873                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.388664                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.434127                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 156389.692308                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 151879.459350                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 162948.370370                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 151976.074074                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 156659.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 150872.117188                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 163440.370370                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 151511.295918                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 151200.923077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 150421.775934                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 151292.814815                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 149764.273438                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 143239.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 151230.608899                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 166500.074074                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 153491.657895                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 157238.444444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 149990.511628                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 147896.307692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 151185.321027                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 147559.791667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 150581.558678                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 162462.678571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 151881.327869                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 149864.440000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 152194.927966                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 165829.518519                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 151435.968912                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 153186.200000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 151800.286920                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 155379.214286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 150542.177083                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 151691.007445                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 147817.146667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 148524.287500                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 148182.122581                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 156389.692308                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 151879.459350                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 162948.370370                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 151976.074074                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 156659.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 150872.117188                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 163440.370370                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 151511.295918                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 151200.923077                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 150421.775934                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 151292.814815                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 149764.273438                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 143239.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 151230.608899                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 166500.074074                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 153491.657895                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 157238.444444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 149990.511628                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 147896.307692                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 150823.411175                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 147559.791667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 150341.293431                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 162462.678571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 151881.327869                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 149864.440000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 152194.927966                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 165829.518519                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 151435.968912                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 153186.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 151800.286920                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 155379.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 150542.177083                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 151575.828039                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 156389.692308                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 151879.459350                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 162948.370370                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 151976.074074                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 156659.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 150872.117188                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 163440.370370                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 151511.295918                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 151200.923077                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 150421.775934                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 151292.814815                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 149764.273438                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 143239.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 151230.608899                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 166500.074074                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 153491.657895                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 157238.444444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 149990.511628                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 147896.307692                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 150823.411175                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 147559.791667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 150341.293431                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 162462.678571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 151881.327869                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 149864.440000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 152194.927966                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 165829.518519                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 151435.968912                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 153186.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 151800.286920                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 155379.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 150542.177083                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 151575.828039                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 1779                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      1779                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          246                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          189                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          128                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          196                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          241                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          128                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          427                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          190                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          129                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          605                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          183                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          236                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          193                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          237                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          192                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             4567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           75                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           80                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            155                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          246                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          189                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          128                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          196                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          241                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          128                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          427                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          190                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          129                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          698                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          685                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          183                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          236                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          193                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          237                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          192                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              4722                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          246                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          189                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          128                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          196                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          241                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          128                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          427                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          190                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          129                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          698                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          685                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          183                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          236                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          193                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          237                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          192                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             4722                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2554477                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     23040041                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2832415                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     17730829                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2562037                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     11866669                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2846469                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     18300143                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2417827                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     22218624                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2516828                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     11716533                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2379642                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     39708068                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2924735                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     18112310                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2679340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     11844810                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2331222                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     57926958                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2145463                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     55886988                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2924467                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     17157017                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2289166                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     22180728                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2910041                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     18007300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2376651                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     22186881                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2725611                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     17733299                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    427033589                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      6720305                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      7219646                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13939951                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2554477                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     23040041                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2832415                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     17730829                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2562037                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     11866669                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2846469                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     18300143                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2417827                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     22218624                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2516828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     11716533                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2379642                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     39708068                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2924735                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     18112310                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2679340                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     11844810                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2331222                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     64647263                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2145463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     63106634                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2924467                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     17157017                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2289166                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     22180728                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2910041                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     18007300                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2376651                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     22186881                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2725611                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     17733299                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    440973540                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2554477                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     23040041                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2832415                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     17730829                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2562037                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     11866669                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2846469                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     18300143                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2417827                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     22218624                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2516828                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     11716533                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2379642                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     39708068                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2924735                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     18112310                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2679340                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     11844810                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2331222                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     64647263                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2145463                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     63106634                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2924467                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     17157017                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2289166                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     22180728                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2910041                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     18007300                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2376651                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     22186881                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2725611                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     17733299                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    440973540                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.386792                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.383367                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.287640                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.397566                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.375389                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.287640                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.448529                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.385396                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.289888                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.511075                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.502075                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.372709                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.368175                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.391481                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.368585                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.391039                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.427862                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.963855                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.763547                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.384977                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.381048                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.285714                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.395161                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.373643                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.285714                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.447120                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.383065                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.287946                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.538165                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.531832                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.370445                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.366460                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.389113                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.366873                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.388664                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.434127                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.384977                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.381048                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.285714                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.395161                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.373643                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.285714                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.447120                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.383065                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.287946                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.538165                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.531832                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.370445                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.366460                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.389113                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.366873                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.388664                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.434127                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 98249.115385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 93658.703252                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 104904.259259                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 93813.910053                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 98539.884615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 92708.351562                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 105424.777778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 93368.076531                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 92993.346154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 92193.460581                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 93215.851852                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 91535.414062                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 84987.214286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 92993.133489                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 108323.518519                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 95327.947368                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 99234.814815                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 91820.232558                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 89662.384615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 92980.670947                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 89394.291667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 92375.186777                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 104445.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 93754.191257                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 91566.640000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 93986.135593                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 107779.296296                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 93302.072539                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 95066.040000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 93615.531646                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 97343.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 92360.932292                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93504.179768                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 89604.066667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 90245.575000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89935.167742                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 98249.115385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 93658.703252                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 104904.259259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 93813.910053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 98539.884615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 92708.351562                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 105424.777778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 93368.076531                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 92993.346154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 92193.460581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 93215.851852                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 91535.414062                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 84987.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 92993.133489                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 108323.518519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 95327.947368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 99234.814815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 91820.232558                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 89662.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 92617.855301                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 89394.291667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 92126.472993                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 104445.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 93754.191257                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 91566.640000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 93986.135593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 107779.296296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 93302.072539                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 95066.040000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 93615.531646                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 97343.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 92360.932292                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93387.026684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 98249.115385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 93658.703252                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 104904.259259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 93813.910053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 98539.884615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 92708.351562                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 105424.777778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 93368.076531                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 92993.346154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 92193.460581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 93215.851852                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 91535.414062                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 84987.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 92993.133489                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 108323.518519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 95327.947368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 99234.814815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 91820.232558                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 89662.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 92617.855301                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 89394.291667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 92126.472993                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 104445.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 93754.191257                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 91566.640000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 93986.135593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 107779.296296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 93302.072539                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 95066.040000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 93615.531646                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 97343.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 92360.932292                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93387.026684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              542.456201                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs              750172830                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  554                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1354102.581227                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    15.719404                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst   526.736796                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.025191                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.844129                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.869321                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       140633                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        140633                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       140633                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total         140633                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       140633                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total        140633                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5381444                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5381444                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5381444                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5381444                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5381444                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5381444                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       140666                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       140666                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       140666                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total       140666                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       140666                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total       140666                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000235                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000235                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000235                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000235                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000235                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000235                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 163074.060606                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 163074.060606                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 163074.060606                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 163074.060606                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 163074.060606                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 163074.060606                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4489688                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4489688                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4489688                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4489688                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4489688                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4489688                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 166284.740741                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166284.740741                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 166284.740741                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166284.740741                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 166284.740741                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166284.740741                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                  639                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              171131295                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                  895                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             191208.150838                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   154.715713                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data   101.284287                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.604358                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.395642                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       201624                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        201624                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        40669                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        40669                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          100                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          100                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           98                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           98                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data       242293                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total         242293                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data       242293                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total        242293                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2179                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2179                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2194                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total         2194                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2194                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total         2194                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    241123091                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    241123091                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      1642083                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1642083                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    242765174                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    242765174                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    242765174                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    242765174                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       203803                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       203803                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        40684                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        40684                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          100                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          100                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           98                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           98                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       244487                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total       244487                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       244487                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total       244487                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.010692                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010692                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000369                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000369                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008974                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008974                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008974                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008974                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 110657.682882                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 110657.682882                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 109472.200000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109472.200000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 110649.577940                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 110649.577940                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 110649.577940                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 110649.577940                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           83                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total              83                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1543                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1543                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1555                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1555                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1555                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1555                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          636                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          636                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     67092852                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     67092852                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       258421                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       258421                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     67351273                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     67351273                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     67351273                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     67351273                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003121                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003121                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000074                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000074                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002614                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002614                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002614                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002614                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 105491.905660                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105491.905660                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 86140.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86140.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 105401.053208                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105401.053208                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 105401.053208                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105401.053208                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              491.325353                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              844471354                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  504                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1675538.400794                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    16.325353                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.026162                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.787380                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       140582                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        140582                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       140582                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total         140582                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       140582                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total        140582                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           35                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7473017                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7473017                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7473017                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7473017                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7473017                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7473017                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       140617                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       140617                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       140617                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total       140617                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       140617                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total       140617                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000249                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000249                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000249                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000249                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000249                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000249                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 213514.771429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 213514.771429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 213514.771429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 213514.771429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 213514.771429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 213514.771429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6006620                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6006620                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6006620                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6006620                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6006620                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6006620                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000206                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000206                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000206                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000206                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000206                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000206                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 207124.827586                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 207124.827586                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 207124.827586                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 207124.827586                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 207124.827586                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 207124.827586                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                  496                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              127661154                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                  752                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             169762.172872                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   154.531821                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data   101.468179                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.603640                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.396360                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        95441                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         95441                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        79608                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        79608                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          197                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          197                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          193                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          193                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data       175049                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total         175049                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data       175049                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total        175049                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1564                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1564                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           18                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1582                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total         1582                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1582                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total         1582                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    195540306                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    195540306                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      4370429                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      4370429                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    199910735                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    199910735                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    199910735                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    199910735                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        97005                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        97005                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        79626                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        79626                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          197                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          197                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          193                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          193                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       176631                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total       176631                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       176631                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total       176631                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.016123                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016123                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000226                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000226                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008957                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008957                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008957                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008957                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 125025.771100                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125025.771100                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 242801.611111                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 242801.611111                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 126365.824905                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 126365.824905                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 126365.824905                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 126365.824905                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          109                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total             109                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1071                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1071                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1086                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1086                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1086                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1086                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          496                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          496                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          496                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          496                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     52718071                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     52718071                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       670025                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       670025                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     53388096                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     53388096                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     53388096                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     53388096                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.005082                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005082                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000038                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002808                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002808                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002808                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002808                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 106933.206897                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106933.206897                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 223341.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 223341.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 107637.290323                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107637.290323                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 107637.290323                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107637.290323                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              474.160608                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              847782654                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  483                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1755243.590062                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    19.160608                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.030706                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.759873                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       142079                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        142079                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       142079                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total         142079                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       142079                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total        142079                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6953380                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6953380                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6953380                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6953380                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6953380                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6953380                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       142118                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       142118                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       142118                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total       142118                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       142118                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total       142118                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000274                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000274                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000274                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000274                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000274                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000274                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 178291.794872                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 178291.794872                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 178291.794872                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 178291.794872                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 178291.794872                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 178291.794872                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5164079                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5164079                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5164079                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5164079                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5164079                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5164079                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000197                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000197                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000197                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000197                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000197                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000197                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 184431.392857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 184431.392857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 184431.392857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 184431.392857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 184431.392857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 184431.392857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                  448                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              123769772                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                  704                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             175809.335227                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   150.543285                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data   105.456715                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.588060                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.411940                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       111397                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        111397                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        81858                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        81858                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          207                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          207                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          200                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          200                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data       193255                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total         193255                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data       193255                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total        193255                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1141                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1141                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1149                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total         1149                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1149                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total         1149                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    120406250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    120406250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       858132                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       858132                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    121264382                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    121264382                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    121264382                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    121264382                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       112538                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       112538                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        81866                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        81866                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          207                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          207                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          200                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          200                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       194404                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total       194404                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       194404                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total       194404                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.010139                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010139                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000098                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000098                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005910                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005910                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005910                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005910                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 105526.950044                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105526.950044                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 107266.500000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107266.500000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 105539.061793                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 105539.061793                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 105539.061793                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 105539.061793                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           97                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total              97                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          696                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          696                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          701                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          701                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          445                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          445                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          448                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          448                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          448                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          448                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     43010087                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     43010087                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       265570                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       265570                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     43275657                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     43275657                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     43275657                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     43275657                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003954                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003954                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002304                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002304                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002304                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002304                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 96651.880899                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96651.880899                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 88523.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88523.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 96597.448661                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96597.448661                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 96597.448661                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96597.448661                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              491.316873                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              844471304                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  504                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1675538.301587                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    16.316873                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.026149                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.787367                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       140532                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        140532                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       140532                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total         140532                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       140532                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total        140532                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           35                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8213712                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8213712                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8213712                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8213712                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8213712                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8213712                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       140567                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       140567                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       140567                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total       140567                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       140567                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total       140567                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000249                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000249                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000249                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000249                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000249                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000249                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 234677.485714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 234677.485714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 234677.485714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 234677.485714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 234677.485714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 234677.485714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6738716                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6738716                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6738716                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6738716                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6738716                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6738716                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000206                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000206                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000206                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000206                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000206                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000206                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 232369.517241                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 232369.517241                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 232369.517241                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 232369.517241                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 232369.517241                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 232369.517241                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                  496                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              127660871                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                  752                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             169761.796543                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   154.518579                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   101.481421                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.603588                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.396412                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        95297                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         95297                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        79466                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        79466                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          200                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          200                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          193                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          193                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data       174763                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total         174763                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data       174763                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total        174763                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1566                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1566                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           18                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1584                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total         1584                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1584                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total         1584                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    198105678                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    198105678                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      3095441                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3095441                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    201201119                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    201201119                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    201201119                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    201201119                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        96863                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        96863                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        79484                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        79484                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          200                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          200                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          193                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          193                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       176347                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total       176347                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       176347                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total       176347                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.016167                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016167                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000226                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000226                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008982                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008982                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008982                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008982                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 126504.264368                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 126504.264368                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 171968.944444                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 171968.944444                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 127020.908460                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 127020.908460                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 127020.908460                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 127020.908460                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          109                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total             109                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1073                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1073                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1088                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1088                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1088                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1088                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          496                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          496                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          496                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          496                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     53713363                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     53713363                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       518729                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       518729                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     54232092                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     54232092                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     54232092                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     54232092                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005090                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005090                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000038                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002813                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002813                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002813                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002813                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 108952.054767                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108952.054767                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 172909.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172909.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 109338.895161                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109338.895161                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 109338.895161                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109338.895161                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              542.841477                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              750172975                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  554                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1354102.842960                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    16.105994                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst   526.735483                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.025811                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.844127                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.869938                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       140778                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        140778                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       140778                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total         140778                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       140778                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total        140778                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           35                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5546711                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5546711                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5546711                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5546711                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5546711                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5546711                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       140813                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       140813                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       140813                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total       140813                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       140813                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total       140813                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000249                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000249                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000249                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000249                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000249                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000249                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 158477.457143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 158477.457143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 158477.457143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 158477.457143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 158477.457143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 158477.457143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4601665                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4601665                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4601665                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4601665                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4601665                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4601665                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 170432.037037                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170432.037037                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 170432.037037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170432.037037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 170432.037037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170432.037037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                  645                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              171131291                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                  901                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             189934.840178                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   155.135073                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data   100.864927                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.605996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.394004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       201553                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        201553                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        40734                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        40734                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          101                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          101                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           99                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           99                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data       242287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total         242287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data       242287                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total        242287                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2215                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2215                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2230                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total         2230                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2230                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total         2230                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    239719137                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    239719137                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      1480549                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1480549                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    241199686                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    241199686                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    241199686                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    241199686                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       203768                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       203768                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        40749                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        40749                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          101                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          101                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           99                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           99                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       244517                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total       244517                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       244517                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total       244517                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.010870                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010870                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000368                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000368                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.009120                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009120                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.009120                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009120                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 108225.344018                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108225.344018                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 98703.266667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 98703.266667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 108161.294170                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 108161.294170                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 108161.294170                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 108161.294170                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           82                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total              82                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1573                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1573                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1585                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1585                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1585                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1585                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          642                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          642                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          645                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          645                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          645                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          645                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     66901353                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     66901353                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       219416                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       219416                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     67120769                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     67120769                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     67120769                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     67120769                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003151                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003151                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000074                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000074                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002638                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002638                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002638                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002638                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 104207.714953                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104207.714953                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 73138.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73138.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 104063.207752                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104063.207752                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 104063.207752                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104063.207752                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              474.658968                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              847782647                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  484                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1751617.039256                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    19.658968                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.031505                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.760671                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       142072                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        142072                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       142072                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total         142072                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       142072                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total        142072                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7369884                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7369884                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7369884                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7369884                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7369884                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7369884                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       142112                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       142112                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       142112                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total       142112                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       142112                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total       142112                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000281                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000281                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000281                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000281                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000281                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000281                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 184247.100000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 184247.100000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 184247.100000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 184247.100000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 184247.100000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 184247.100000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5257419                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5257419                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5257419                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5257419                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5257419                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5257419                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000204                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000204                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000204                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000204                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000204                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000204                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 181290.310345                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 181290.310345                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 181290.310345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 181290.310345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 181290.310345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 181290.310345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                  448                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              123770074                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                  704                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             175809.764205                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   150.657730                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data   105.342270                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.588507                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.411493                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       111583                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        111583                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        81976                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        81976                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          205                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          205                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          200                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          200                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data       193559                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total         193559                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data       193559                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total        193559                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1138                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1138                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1146                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total         1146                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1146                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total         1146                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    119397552                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    119397552                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      1227642                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1227642                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    120625194                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    120625194                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    120625194                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    120625194                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       112721                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       112721                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        81984                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        81984                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          205                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          205                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          200                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          200                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       194705                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total       194705                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       194705                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total       194705                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.010096                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010096                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000098                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000098                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005886                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005886                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005886                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005886                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 104918.762742                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104918.762742                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 153455.250000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 153455.250000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 105257.586387                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 105257.586387                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 105257.586387                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 105257.586387                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           97                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total              97                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          693                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          693                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          698                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          698                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          698                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          698                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          445                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          445                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          448                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          448                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          448                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          448                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     42581744                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     42581744                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       344897                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       344897                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     42926641                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     42926641                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     42926641                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     42926641                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003948                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003948                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002301                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002301                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002301                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002301                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 95689.312360                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95689.312360                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 114965.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 114965.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 95818.395089                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95818.395089                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 95818.395089                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95818.395089                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              568.831564                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              868085412                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  572                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1517631.839161                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    27.747250                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst   541.084314                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.044467                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.867122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.911589                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       137454                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        137454                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       137454                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total         137454                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       137454                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total        137454                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6208329                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6208329                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6208329                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6208329                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6208329                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6208329                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       137497                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       137497                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       137497                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total       137497                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       137497                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total       137497                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000313                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000313                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000313                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000313                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000313                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000313                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 144379.744186                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 144379.744186                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 144379.744186                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 144379.744186                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 144379.744186                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 144379.744186                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4652839                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4652839                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4652839                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4652839                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4652839                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4652839                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000211                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000211                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000211                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000211                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000211                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000211                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 160442.724138                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160442.724138                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 160442.724138                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160442.724138                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 160442.724138                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160442.724138                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                  955                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              332281041                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                 1211                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             274385.665566                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   106.722889                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data   149.277111                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.416886                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.583114                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       352735                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        352735                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       192263                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       192263                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           97                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           97                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           94                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           94                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data       544998                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total         544998                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data       544998                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total        544998                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3355                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3355                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data            9                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3364                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total         3364                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3364                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total         3364                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    406338515                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    406338515                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       686245                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       686245                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    407024760                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    407024760                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    407024760                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    407024760                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       356090                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       356090                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       192272                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       192272                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           97                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           97                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           94                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           94                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       548362                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total       548362                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       548362                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total       548362                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.009422                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009422                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000047                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006135                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006135                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006135                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006135                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 121114.311475                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121114.311475                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 76249.444444                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76249.444444                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 120994.280618                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120994.280618                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 120994.280618                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120994.280618                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          180                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total             180                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         2403                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2403                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         2409                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2409                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         2409                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2409                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          952                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          952                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          955                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          955                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          955                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          955                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    105852800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    105852800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    106045100                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    106045100                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    106045100                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    106045100                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002673                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002673                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.001742                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001742                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.001742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 111189.915966                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111189.915966                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 111041.989529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111041.989529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 111041.989529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111041.989529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              491.311160                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              844471269                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  504                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1675538.232143                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    16.311160                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.026140                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.787358                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       140497                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        140497                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       140497                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total         140497                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       140497                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total        140497                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           34                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      8594942                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8594942                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      8594942                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8594942                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      8594942                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8594942                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       140531                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       140531                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       140531                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total       140531                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       140531                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total       140531                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000242                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000242                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000242                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000242                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000242                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000242                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 252792.411765                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 252792.411765                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 252792.411765                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 252792.411765                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 252792.411765                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 252792.411765                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7345640                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7345640                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7345640                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7345640                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7345640                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7345640                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000206                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000206                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000206                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000206                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000206                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000206                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 253297.931034                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 253297.931034                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 253297.931034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 253297.931034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 253297.931034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 253297.931034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                  496                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              127661008                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                  752                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             169761.978723                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   154.460345                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data   101.539655                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.603361                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.396639                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        95370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         95370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        79531                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        79531                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          199                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          199                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          193                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          193                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data       174901                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total         174901                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data       174901                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total        174901                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1562                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1562                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           18                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1580                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total         1580                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1580                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total         1580                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    198203391                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    198203391                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      1962885                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1962885                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    200166276                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    200166276                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    200166276                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    200166276                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        96932                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        96932                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        79549                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        79549                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          199                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          199                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          193                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          193                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       176481                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total       176481                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       176481                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total       176481                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.016114                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016114                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000226                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000226                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008953                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008953                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008953                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008953                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 126890.775288                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 126890.775288                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 109049.166667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109049.166667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 126687.516456                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 126687.516456                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 126687.516456                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 126687.516456                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          107                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total             107                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1069                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1069                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1084                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1084                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1084                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1084                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          496                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          496                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          496                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          496                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     54223185                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     54223185                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       334424                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       334424                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     54557609                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     54557609                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     54557609                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     54557609                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005086                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005086                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000038                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002811                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002811                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002811                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002811                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 109986.176471                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109986.176471                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 111474.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111474.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 109995.179435                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109995.179435                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 109995.179435                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109995.179435                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              474.652423                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              847782572                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  484                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1751616.884298                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    19.652423                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.031494                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.760661                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       141997                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        141997                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       141997                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total         141997                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       141997                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total        141997                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6889604                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6889604                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6889604                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6889604                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6889604                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6889604                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       142036                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       142036                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       142036                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total       142036                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       142036                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total       142036                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000275                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000275                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000275                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000275                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000275                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000275                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 176656.512821                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 176656.512821                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 176656.512821                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 176656.512821                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 176656.512821                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 176656.512821                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5627689                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5627689                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5627689                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5627689                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5627689                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5627689                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000204                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000204                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000204                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000204                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000204                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000204                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 194058.241379                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 194058.241379                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 194058.241379                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 194058.241379                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 194058.241379                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 194058.241379                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                  448                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              123770012                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                  704                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             175809.676136                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   150.644137                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data   105.355863                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.588454                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.411546                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       111552                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        111552                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        81945                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        81945                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          205                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          205                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          200                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          200                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data       193497                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total         193497                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data       193497                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total        193497                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1142                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1142                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1150                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total         1150                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1150                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total         1150                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    119778275                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    119778275                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      1001182                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1001182                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    120779457                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    120779457                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    120779457                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    120779457                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       112694                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       112694                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        81953                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        81953                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          205                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          205                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          200                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          200                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       194647                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total       194647                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       194647                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total       194647                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.010134                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010134                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000098                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000098                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005908                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005908                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005908                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005908                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 104884.654116                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104884.654116                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 125147.750000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125147.750000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 105025.614783                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 105025.614783                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 105025.614783                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 105025.614783                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           97                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total              97                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          697                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          697                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          702                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          702                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          702                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          702                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          445                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          445                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          448                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          448                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          448                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          448                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     42966699                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     42966699                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       324105                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       324105                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     43290804                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     43290804                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     43290804                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     43290804                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003949                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003949                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002302                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002302                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002302                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002302                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 96554.379775                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96554.379775                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       108035                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       108035                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 96631.258929                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96631.258929                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 96631.258929                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96631.258929                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              515.868127                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              849095687                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1642351.425532                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    25.868127                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.041455                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.826712                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       135239                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        135239                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       135239                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total         135239                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       135239                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total        135239                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5341973                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5341973                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5341973                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5341973                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5341973                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5341973                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       135271                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       135271                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       135271                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total       135271                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       135271                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total       135271                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000237                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000237                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000237                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000237                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000237                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000237                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 166936.656250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 166936.656250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 166936.656250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 166936.656250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 166936.656250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 166936.656250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4565503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4565503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4565503                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4565503                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4565503                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4565503                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 169092.703704                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169092.703704                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 169092.703704                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169092.703704                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 169092.703704                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169092.703704                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                 1297                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              141325354                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                 1553                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             91001.515776                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   202.134376                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    53.865624                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.789587                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.210413                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       102512                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        102512                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        82937                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        82937                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          168                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          168                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          166                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          166                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data       185449                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total         185449                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data       185449                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total        185449                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2934                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2934                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          596                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          596                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3530                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total         3530                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3530                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total         3530                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    388104813                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    388104813                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    101974190                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    101974190                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    490079003                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    490079003                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    490079003                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    490079003                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       105446                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       105446                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        83533                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        83533                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          168                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          168                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          166                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          166                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       188979                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total       188979                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       188979                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total       188979                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.027825                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.027825                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.007135                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.007135                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.018679                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.018679                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.018679                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.018679                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 132278.395706                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 132278.395706                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 171097.634228                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 171097.634228                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 138832.578754                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 138832.578754                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 138832.578754                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 138832.578754                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          599                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total             599                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          518                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          518                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2233                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2233                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2233                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2233                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1219                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1219                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1297                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1297                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1297                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1297                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    142989347                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    142989347                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     12066858                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12066858                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    155056205                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    155056205                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    155056205                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    155056205                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.011560                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011560                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000934                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000934                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006863                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006863                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006863                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006863                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 117300.530763                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 117300.530763                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 154703.307692                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 154703.307692                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 119549.888204                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 119549.888204                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 119549.888204                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 119549.888204                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              513.980570                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              849095834                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  515                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1648729.774757                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    23.980570                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.038430                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.823687                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       135386                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        135386                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       135386                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total         135386                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       135386                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total        135386                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5312889                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5312889                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5312889                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5312889                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5312889                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5312889                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       135419                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       135419                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       135419                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total       135419                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       135419                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total       135419                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000244                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000244                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000244                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000244                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000244                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000244                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 160996.636364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 160996.636364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 160996.636364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 160996.636364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 160996.636364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 160996.636364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4157233                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4157233                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4157233                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4157233                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4157233                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4157233                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 166289.320000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166289.320000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 166289.320000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166289.320000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 166289.320000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166289.320000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                 1288                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              141325525                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                 1544                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             91532.075777                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   201.701059                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    54.298941                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.787895                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.212105                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       102732                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        102732                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        82831                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        82831                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          224                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          224                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          167                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          167                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data       185563                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total         185563                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data       185563                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total        185563                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2918                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2918                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          639                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          639                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3557                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total         3557                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3557                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total         3557                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    383105438                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    383105438                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    108191178                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    108191178                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    491296616                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    491296616                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    491296616                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    491296616                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       105650                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       105650                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        83470                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        83470                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          224                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          224                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          167                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          167                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       189120                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total       189120                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       189120                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total       189120                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.027619                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.027619                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.007655                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.007655                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.018808                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.018808                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.018808                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.018808                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 131290.417409                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 131290.417409                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 169313.267606                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 169313.267606                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 138121.061569                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 138121.061569                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 138121.061569                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 138121.061569                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          606                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total             606                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1713                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1713                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          556                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          556                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2269                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2269                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2269                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2269                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1205                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1205                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           83                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           83                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1288                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1288                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1288                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1288                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    139800369                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    139800369                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     12858046                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12858046                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    152658415                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    152658415                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    152658415                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    152658415                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.011406                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011406                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000994                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000994                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.006810                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006810                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.006810                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006810                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 116016.903734                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 116016.903734                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 154916.216867                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 154916.216867                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 118523.614130                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118523.614130                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 118523.614130                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118523.614130                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              491.314877                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              844471383                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  504                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1675538.458333                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    16.314877                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.026146                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.787364                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       140611                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        140611                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       140611                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total         140611                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       140611                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total        140611                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           34                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8314170                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8314170                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8314170                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8314170                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8314170                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8314170                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       140645                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       140645                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       140645                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total       140645                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       140645                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total       140645                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000242                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000242                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000242                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000242                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000242                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000242                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 244534.411765                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 244534.411765                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 244534.411765                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 244534.411765                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 244534.411765                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 244534.411765                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7154379                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7154379                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7154379                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7154379                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7154379                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7154379                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000206                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000206                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000206                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000206                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000206                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000206                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 246702.724138                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 246702.724138                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 246702.724138                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 246702.724138                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 246702.724138                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 246702.724138                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                  494                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              127661062                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                  750                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             170214.749333                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   154.473666                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   101.526334                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.603413                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.396587                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        95458                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         95458                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        79490                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        79490                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          206                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          206                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          193                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          193                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data       174948                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total         174948                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data       174948                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total        174948                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1557                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1557                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           18                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1575                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total         1575                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1575                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total         1575                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    195773695                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    195773695                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      2055875                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2055875                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    197829570                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    197829570                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    197829570                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    197829570                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        97015                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        97015                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        79508                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        79508                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          206                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          206                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          193                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          193                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       176523                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total       176523                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       176523                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total       176523                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.016049                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016049                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000226                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000226                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008922                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008922                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008922                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008922                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 125737.761721                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125737.761721                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 114215.277778                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114215.277778                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 125606.076190                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 125606.076190                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 125606.076190                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 125606.076190                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          108                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total             108                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1066                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1066                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1081                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1081                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1081                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1081                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          491                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          491                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          494                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          494                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     52933135                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     52933135                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       381779                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       381779                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     53314914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     53314914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     53314914                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     53314914                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005061                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005061                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000038                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002799                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002799                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002799                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002799                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 107806.792261                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107806.792261                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 127259.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 127259.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 107924.927126                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107924.927126                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 107924.927126                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107924.927126                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              542.669021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              750172976                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  553                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1356551.493671                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    15.933029                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst   526.735992                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.025534                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.844128                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.869662                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       140779                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        140779                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       140779                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total         140779                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       140779                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total        140779                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           31                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           31                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5063839                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5063839                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5063839                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5063839                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5063839                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5063839                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       140810                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       140810                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       140810                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total       140810                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       140810                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total       140810                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 163349.645161                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 163349.645161                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 163349.645161                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 163349.645161                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 163349.645161                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 163349.645161                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4314179                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4314179                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4314179                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4314179                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4314179                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4314179                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 165929.961538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165929.961538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 165929.961538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165929.961538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 165929.961538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165929.961538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                  644                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              171131349                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                  900                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             190145.943333                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   155.107240                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data   100.892760                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.605888                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.394112                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       201618                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        201618                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        40730                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        40730                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           99                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           99                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           98                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           98                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data       242348                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total         242348                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data       242348                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total        242348                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2193                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2193                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2208                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total         2208                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2208                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total         2208                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    238618435                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    238618435                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      1367133                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1367133                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    239985568                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    239985568                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    239985568                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    239985568                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       203811                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       203811                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        40745                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        40745                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           99                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           99                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           98                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           98                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       244556                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total       244556                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       244556                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total       244556                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.010760                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010760                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000368                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000368                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009029                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009029                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009029                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009029                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 108809.135887                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108809.135887                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 91142.200000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91142.200000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 108689.115942                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 108689.115942                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 108689.115942                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 108689.115942                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           83                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total              83                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1552                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1552                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1564                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1564                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1564                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1564                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          641                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          641                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          644                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          644                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          644                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          644                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     66846941                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     66846941                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       221052                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       221052                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     67067993                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     67067993                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     67067993                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     67067993                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003145                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003145                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000074                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000074                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002633                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002633                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002633                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002633                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 104285.399376                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104285.399376                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data        73684                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        73684                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 104142.846273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104142.846273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 104142.846273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104142.846273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              491.311109                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              844471226                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  504                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1675538.146825                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    16.311109                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.026140                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.787358                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       140454                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        140454                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       140454                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total         140454                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       140454                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total        140454                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           35                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8686473                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8686473                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8686473                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8686473                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8686473                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8686473                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       140489                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       140489                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       140489                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total       140489                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       140489                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total       140489                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000249                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000249                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000249                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000249                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000249                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000249                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 248184.942857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 248184.942857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 248184.942857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 248184.942857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 248184.942857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 248184.942857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7462935                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7462935                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7462935                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7462935                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7462935                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7462935                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000206                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000206                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000206                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000206                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000206                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000206                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 257342.586207                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 257342.586207                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 257342.586207                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 257342.586207                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 257342.586207                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 257342.586207                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                  496                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              127660916                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                  752                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             169761.856383                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   154.493211                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data   101.506789                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.603489                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.396511                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        95288                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         95288                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        79527                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        79527                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          194                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          194                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          192                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          192                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data       174815                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total         174815                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data       174815                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total        174815                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1562                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1562                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1577                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total         1577                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1577                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total         1577                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    198782860                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    198782860                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      1438594                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1438594                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    200221454                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    200221454                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    200221454                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    200221454                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        96850                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        96850                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        79542                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        79542                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          194                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          194                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          192                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          192                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       176392                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total       176392                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       176392                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total       176392                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.016128                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016128                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000189                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000189                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008940                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008940                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008940                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008940                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 127261.754161                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 127261.754161                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 95906.266667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95906.266667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 126963.509195                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 126963.509195                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 126963.509195                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 126963.509195                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          107                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total             107                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1069                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1069                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1081                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1081                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1081                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1081                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          496                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          496                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          496                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          496                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     54535516                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     54535516                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       262612                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       262612                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     54798128                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     54798128                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     54798128                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     54798128                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005090                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005090                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000038                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002812                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002812                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002812                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002812                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 110619.707911                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110619.707911                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 87537.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87537.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 110480.096774                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110480.096774                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 110480.096774                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110480.096774                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              542.525958                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              750172951                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  553                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1356551.448463                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    15.789631                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst   526.736327                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.025304                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.844129                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.869433                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       140754                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        140754                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       140754                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total         140754                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       140754                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total        140754                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5159541                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5159541                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5159541                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5159541                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5159541                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5159541                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       140786                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       140786                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       140786                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total       140786                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       140786                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total       140786                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000227                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000227                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000227                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000227                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000227                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000227                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 161235.656250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 161235.656250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 161235.656250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 161235.656250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 161235.656250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 161235.656250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4343589                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4343589                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4343589                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4343589                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4343589                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4343589                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 167061.115385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167061.115385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 167061.115385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167061.115385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 167061.115385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167061.115385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                  646                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              171131362                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                  902                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             189724.348115                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   154.865649                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data   101.134351                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.604944                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.395056                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       201639                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        201639                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        40717                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        40717                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          103                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          103                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           99                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           99                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data       242356                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total         242356                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data       242356                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total        242356                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2215                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2215                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2230                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total         2230                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2230                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total         2230                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    240857685                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    240857685                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      1335922                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1335922                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    242193607                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    242193607                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    242193607                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    242193607                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       203854                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       203854                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        40732                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        40732                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          103                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          103                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           99                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           99                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       244586                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total       244586                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       244586                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total       244586                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.010866                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010866                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000368                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000368                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.009117                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009117                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.009117                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009117                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 108739.361174                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108739.361174                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 89061.466667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89061.466667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 108606.998655                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 108606.998655                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 108606.998655                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 108606.998655                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           84                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total              84                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1572                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1572                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1584                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1584                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1584                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1584                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          643                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          643                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          646                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          646                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          646                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          646                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     67094455                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     67094455                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       221211                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       221211                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     67315666                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     67315666                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     67315666                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     67315666                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003154                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003154                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000074                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000074                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002641                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002641                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002641                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002641                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 104345.964230                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104345.964230                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data        73737                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        73737                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 104203.817337                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104203.817337                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 104203.817337                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104203.817337                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              491.306103                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              844471286                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  504                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1675538.265873                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    16.306103                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.026132                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.787350                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       140514                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        140514                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       140514                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total         140514                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       140514                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total        140514                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7120128                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7120128                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7120128                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7120128                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7120128                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7120128                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       140547                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       140547                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       140547                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total       140547                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       140547                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total       140547                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000235                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000235                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000235                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000235                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000235                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000235                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 215761.454545                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 215761.454545                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 215761.454545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 215761.454545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 215761.454545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 215761.454545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6097078                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6097078                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6097078                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6097078                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6097078                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6097078                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000206                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000206                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000206                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000206                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000206                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000206                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 210244.068966                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 210244.068966                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 210244.068966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 210244.068966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 210244.068966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 210244.068966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                  494                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              127660939                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                  750                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             170214.585333                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   154.433839                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data   101.566161                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.603257                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.396743                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        95410                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         95410                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        79418                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        79418                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          203                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          203                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          193                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          193                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data       174828                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total         174828                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data       174828                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total        174828                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1553                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1553                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           18                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1571                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total         1571                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1571                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total         1571                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    198927897                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    198927897                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      2737079                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2737079                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    201664976                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    201664976                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    201664976                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    201664976                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        96963                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        96963                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        79436                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        79436                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          203                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          203                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          193                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          193                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       176399                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total       176399                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       176399                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total       176399                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.016016                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016016                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000227                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000227                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008906                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008906                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008906                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008906                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 128092.657437                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 128092.657437                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 152059.944444                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 152059.944444                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 128367.266709                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 128367.266709                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 128367.266709                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 128367.266709                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          106                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total             106                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1062                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1062                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1077                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1077                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1077                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1077                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          491                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          491                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          494                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          494                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     54014191                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     54014191                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       524082                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       524082                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     54538273                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     54538273                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     54538273                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     54538273                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005064                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005064                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000038                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002800                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002800                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002800                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002800                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 110008.535642                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110008.535642                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       174694                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       174694                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 110401.362348                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110401.362348                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 110401.362348                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110401.362348                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
